# Page 1

# Reliance Industries Limited

January 16, 2025

**BSE Limited**  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400 001  

**National Stock Exchange of India Limited**  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051  

Scrip Code: **500325**  
Trading Symbol: **RELIANCE**

Dear Sirs,

**Sub: Consolidated and Standalone Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024**

In continuation of our letter dated January 9, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 33 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we attach the Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2024, along with Independent Auditor's Review Report thereon.

The said Financial Results were duly reviewed and recommended by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, at their respective meetings held today.

The meeting of the Board of Directors commenced at 5:15 p.m. (IST). Please note that the Financial Results were approved by the Board at 7:15 p.m. (IST) and the meeting is continuing.

This is for information and records.

Thanking you

Yours faithfully,  
For **Reliance Industries Limited**

Savithri Parekh  
Company Secretary and  
Compliance Officer

Encl.: as above

Copy to:  
Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
35A Boulevard Joseph II,  
L-1840 Luxembourg  

Singapore Exchange Limited  
4 Shenton Way, #02-01 SGX Centre 2,  
Singapore 068807

---

# Page 2

# Independent Auditor’s Review Report on the Quarterly and Year to date Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results of Reliance Industries Limited pursuant to the Regulations 33 and 52 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation 2015, as amended

**Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP**  
Chartered Accountants  
One International Center  
Tower 3, 27th-32nd Floor  
Senapati Bapat Marg  
Elphinstone Road (West)  
Mumbai – 400013  
Maharashtra, India  

**Chaturvedi & Shah LLP**  
Chartered Accountants  
912, Tulsiani Chambers  
212 Nariman Point  
Mumbai – 400021  
Maharashtra, India  

---

### Review Report  
**To The Board of Directors**  
**Reliance Industries Limited**

1. We have reviewed the accompanying statement of unaudited consolidated financial results of Reliance Industries Limited (“the Parent”), which includes joint operations and its subsidiaries (the Parent and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”), and its share of the net profit/ loss after tax and total comprehensive income/loss of its associates and joint ventures for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 (“the Statement”), being submitted by the Parent pursuant to the requirements of Regulations 33 and 52 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing Regulations”).

2. This Statement, which is the responsibility of the Parent’s Management and approved by the Parent’s Board of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in the Indian Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“Ind AS 34”), prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended, read with relevant rules issued thereunder and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and in compliance with Regulations 33 and 52 of the Listing Regulations. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Statement based on our review.

3. We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”, issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). This standard requires that we plan and perform the review to obtain moderate assurance as to whether the statement is free of material misstatement. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of Parent’s personnel responsible for financial and accounting matters and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

---

# Page 3

*(empty page)*

---

# Page 4

*(empty page)*

---

# Page 5

*(empty page)*

---

# Page 6

# List of Joint Ventures:

Alok Industries International Limited; Alok Industries Limited; Alok Infrastructure Limited; Alok International (Middle East) FZE; Alok International Inc.; Alok Singapore PTE Limited; Alok Worldwide Limited; BAM DLR Chennai Private Limited; BAM DLR Data Center Services Private Limited; BAM DLR Kolkata Private Limited; BAM DLR Mumbai Private Limited; BAM DLR Network Services Private Limited; Brooks Brothers India Private Limited; Burberry India Private Limited; BVM Overseas Limited; CAA Brands Reliance Private Limited (formerly known as CAA-Global Brands Reliance Private Limited); Canali India Private Limited; Clarks Footwear Private Limited#; D. E. Shaw India Securities Private Limited; Diesel Fashion India Reliance Private Limited; Ethane Crystal LLC; Ethane Emerald LLC; Ethane Opal LLC; Ethane Pearl LLC; Ethane Sapphire LLC; Ethane Topaz LLC; Football Sports Development Limited$; Grabal Alok International Limited; Hathway Bhawani NDS Network Limited; Hathway Cable MCN Nanded Private Limited$; Hathway Channel 5 Cable and Datacom Private Limited; Hathway Dattatray Cable Network Private Limited; Hathway ICE Television Private Limited; Hathway Latur MCN Cable & Datacom Private Limited; Hathway MCN Private Limited; Hathway Sai Star Cable & Datacom Private Limited; Hathway Sonali OM Crystal Cable Private Limited; Hathway SS Cable & Datacom LLP; IBN Lokmat News Private Limited; Iconix Lifestyle India Private Limited; India Gas Solutions Private Limited; Indospace MET Logistics Park Farukhnagar Private Limited; Jio Space Technology Limited; Marks and Spencer Reliance India Private Limited; Media Pro Enterprise India Private Limited; Mileta a.s.; Pipeline Management Services Private Limited; Reldel Apparel Private Limited; Reliance Bally India Private Limited; Reliance International Leasing IFSC Limited; Reliance Paul & Shark Fashions Private Limited; Reliance Sideways Private Limited; Reliance-Vision Express Private Limited; Ryohin-Keikaku Reliance India Private Limited; Sanmina-SCI India Private Limited; Sanmina-SCI Technology India Private Limited; Sintex Industries Limited; Sodium-ion Batteries Pty Limited; Sosyo Hajoori Beverages Private Limited; TCO Reliance India Private Limited; Ubona Technologies Private Limited; Zegna South Asia Private Limited.

$ Converted to a subsidiary during the quarter.  
# Ceased to be a joint venture during the quarter.

# List of Associates:

Big Tree Entertainment Lanka Private Limited; Big Tree Entertainment Private Limited; Big Tree Entertainment Singapore PTE. Limited; Big Tree Sport & Recreational Events Tickets Selling L.L.C; BookmyShow Live Private Limited; Bookmyshow SDN. BHD.; BookmyShow Venues Management Private Limited; Caelux Corporation; Circle E Retail Private Limited; Clayfin Technologies Private Limited; DEN ABC Cable Network Ambarnath Private Limited; DEN ADN Network Private Limited; DEN New Broad Communication Private Limited; Den Satellite Network Private Limited; DL GTPL Broadband Private Limited; DL GTPL Cabnet Private Limited; Dyulok Technologies Private Limited; Eenadu Television Private Limited; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Cinco, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Cuatro, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Dos, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Nueve, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Ocho, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Seis, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Siete, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Tres, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Uno, S.L.; Esterlina Solar Engineers Private Limited; Fantain Sports Private Limited; Foodfesta Wellcare Private Limited; Future101 Design Private Limited; Gaurav Overseas Private Limited; GCO Solar Pty. Ltd.; GTPL Abhilash Communication Private Limited; GTPL Bansidhar Telelink Private Limited$; GTPL Broadband Private Limited; GTPL Crazy Network; GTPL Dahod Television Network Private Limited; GTPL DCPL Private Limited; GTPL Hathway Limited; GTPL Insight

---

# Page 7

*(empty page)*

---

# Page 8

6. The accompanying Statement includes the unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/ financial information, in respect of -

a. 204 subsidiaries, whose unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information reflect total revenues of Rs. 132,199 crore and Rs. 424,236 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively, total net profit after tax of Rs. 7,143 crore and Rs. 12,736 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively and total comprehensive income of Rs. 7,109 crore and Rs. 11,236 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively, as considered in the Statement which have been reviewed by one of us either individually or jointly with other auditors.

b. 15 associates and 21 joint ventures, whose unaudited interim standalone/ consolidated financial results/ financial information reflect Group’s share of profit after tax of Rs. 68 crore and Rs. 105 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively and total comprehensive income of Rs. 68 crore and Rs. 106 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively, as considered in the Statement which have been reviewed by one of us either individually or jointly with other auditors.

c. 118 subsidiaries, which have not been reviewed by us, whose unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information reflect total revenues of Rs. 131,409 crore and Rs. 358,512 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively, total net profit after tax of Rs. 9,273 crore and Rs. 25,064 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively and total comprehensive income of Rs. 9,804 crore and Rs. 25,155 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively, as considered in the Statement which have been reviewed by other auditors.

d. 74 associates and 15 joint ventures, which have not been reviewed by us, whose unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information reflect Group’s share of profit after tax of Rs. 50 crore and Rs. 166 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively and total comprehensive income of Rs. 50 crore and Rs. 165 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively, as considered in the Statement which have been reviewed by other auditors.

The reports on the unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information of these entities have been furnished to us by the Management and our conclusion on the Statement, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, is based solely on the reports of such auditors and the procedures performed by us as stated in paragraph 3 above.

Our conclusion on the Statement is not modified in respect of these matters.

---

# Page 9

# Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP / Chaturvedi & Shah LLP

7. The accompanying Statement includes the unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/ financial information, in respect of -

a. 30 subsidiaries, whose unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information reflect total revenues of Rs. 1 crore and Rs. 8 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively, total profit after tax of Rs. 1 crore and Rs. 1 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively and total comprehensive income of Rs. 12 crore and Rs. 12 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively, as considered in the Statement.

b. 29 associates and 23 joint ventures, whose unaudited interim standalone/ consolidated financial results/financial information reflect Group’s share of profit after tax of Rs. 8 crore and Rs. 74 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively and total comprehensive income of Rs. 8 crore and Rs. 74 crore for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 respectively, as considered in the Statement.

These unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information have not been reviewed by their auditors and have been approved and furnished to us by the Management and our conclusion on the Statement, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, is based solely on such unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information. According to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, these unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information are not material to the Group.

Our conclusion on the Statement is not modified in respect of our reliance on the unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information certified by the Management.

---

**For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP**  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018  

*Signature*  
**Abhijit A. Damle**  
Partner  
Membership No. 102912  
UDIN: 25102912BMLCBJ6474  

**Place:** Mumbai  
**Date:** 16th January, 2025  

---

**For Chaturvedi & Shah LLP**  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration No. 101720W/W-100355  

*Signature*  
**Sandesh Ladha**  
Partner  
Membership No. 047841  
UDIN: 25047841BMIHKM1357  

**Place:** Mumbai  
**Date:** 16th January, 2025

---

# Page 10

# UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE QUARTER / NINE MONTHS ENDED 31ST DECEMBER, 2024  
(₹ in crore, except per share data and ratios)

| Particulars                                   | Quarter Ended |           |           | Nine Months Ended |           |           | Year Ended (Audited) |
|-----------------------------------------------|--------------|-----------|-----------|-------------------|-----------|-----------|----------------------|
|                                               | 31 Dec'24   | 30 Sep'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Dec'24         | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Mar'24 |                      |
| **Income**                                    |              |           |           |                   |           |           |                      |
| Value of Sales & Services (Revenue)           | 267,186     | 258,027   | 248,160   | 783,036           | 735,288   | 1,000,122 |                      |
| Less: GST Recovered                           | 23,321      | 22,546    | 20,190    | 67,473            | 61,531    | 85,650    |                      |
| **Revenue from Operations**                    | 243,865     | 235,481   | 227,970   | 715,563           | 673,757   | 914,472  |                      |
| Other Income                                  | 4,214       | 4,876     | 3,869     | 13,073            | 11,523    | 16,057    |                      |
| **Total Income**                              | 248,079     | 240,357   | 231,839   | 728,636           | 685,280   | 930,529   |                      |
| **Expenses**                                  |              |           |           |                   |           |           |                      |
| Cost of Materials Consumed                    | 98,514      | 107,060   | 98,949    | 314,780           | 296,377   | 400,345   |                      |
| Purchases of Stock-in-Trade                   | 59,459      | 52,824    | 57,898    | 162,284           | 147,056   | 189,881   |                      |
| Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade | (5,014)     | (6,982)   | (9,345)   | (17,745)          | (11,554)  | (4,883)   |                      |
| Excise Duty                                   | 3,879       | 3,946     | 2,884     | 12,258            | 9,226     | 13,408    |                      |
| Employee Benefits Expense                     | 7,155       | 6,649     | 6,313     | 20,875            | 18,861    | 25,679    |                      |
| Finance Costs                                 | 6,179       | 6,017     | 5,789     | 18,114            | 17,357    | 23,118    |                      |
| Depreciation / Amortisation and Depletion Expense | 13,181      | 12,880    | 12,903    | 39,657            | 37,263    | 50,832    |                      |
| Other Expenses                                | 36,083      | 32,926    | 30,615    | 101,499           | 94,074    | 127,809   |                      |
| **Total Expenses**                            | 219,436     | 215,320   | 206,006   | 651,722           | 608,660   | 826,189   |                      |
| **Profit Before Tax**                         | 28,643      | 25,037    | 25,833    | 76,914            | 76,620    | 104,340   |                      |
| **Tax Expenses**                              |              |           |           |                   |           |           |                      |
| Current Tax                                  | 3,723       | 3,059     | 3,079     | 9,852             | 9,970     | 13,590    |                      |
| Deferred Tax                                 | 3,116       | 2,877     | 3,266     | 8,709             | 9,160     | 12,117    |                      |
| **Profit After Tax**                          | 21,804      | 19,101    | 19,488    | 58,353            | 57,490    | 78,633    |                      |
| Share of Profit / (Loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures | 126         | 222       | 153       | 345               | 287       | 387       |                      |
| Profit After Tax and Share of Profit / (Loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures | 21,930      | 19,323    | 19,641    | 58,698            | 57,777    | 79,020    |                      |
| **Other Comprehensive Income**               |              |           |           |                   |           |           |                      |
| I Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss | (176)       | (2,024)   | 288       | (2,464)           | 1,091     | 3,852     |                      |
| II Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss | 42          | 278       | (25)      | 367               | (121)     | (433)    |                      |
| III Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss | (2,482)     | 314       | 212       | (1,489)           | (462)     | 244       |                      |
| IV Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss | 696         | (74)      | (25)      | 457               | 158       | 6         |                      |
| **Total Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss) (Net of Tax)** | (1,920)     | (1,506)   | 450       | (3,129)           | 666       | 3,669     |                      |
| **Total Comprehensive Income for the Period** | 20,010      | 17,817    | 20,091    | 55,569            | 58,443    | 82,689    |                      |
| **Net Profit attributable to:**                |              |           |           |                   |           |           |                      |
| a) Owners of the Company                      | 18,540      | 16,563    | 17,265    | 50,241            | 50,670    | 69,621    |                      |
| b) Non-Controlling Interest                   | 3,390       | 2,760     | 2,376     | 8,457             | 7,107     | 9,399     |                      |
| **Other Comprehensive Income attributable to:** |              |           |           |                   |           |           |                      |
| a) Owners of the Company                      | (2,013)     | (1,335)   | 465       | (3,024)           | 663       | 3,567     |                      |
| b) Non-Controlling Interest                   | 93          | (171)     | (15)      | (105)             | 3         | 102       |                      |
| **Total Comprehensive Income attributable to:** |              |           |           |                   |           |           |                      |
| a) Owners of the Company                      | 16,527      | 15,228    | 17,730    | 47,217            | 51,333    | 73,188    |                      |
| b) Non-Controlling Interest                   | 3,483       | 2,589     | 2,361     | 8,352             | 7,110     | 9,501     |                      |

---

Registered Office:  
Maker Chambers IV  
3rd Floor, 222, Nariman Point  
Mumbai 400 021, India  

Corporate Communications  
Maker Chambers IV  
9th Floor, Nariman Point  
Mumbai 400 021, India  

Telephone: (+91 22) 3555 5000  
Telefax: (+91 22) 3555 5185  
Internet: [www.ril.com](http://www.ril.com); investor.relations@ril.com  
CIN: L17110MH1973PLC019786  

Page 1 of 16

---

# Page 11

# Financial Ratios and Equity Data

| Particulars                                                                 | Quarter Ended                | Nine Months Ended           | Year Ended (Audited) |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------|
|                                                                             | 31 Dec'24 | 30 Sep'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Dec'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Mar'24 |
| Earnings per equity share (Face Value of ₹ 10/-) (Not Annualised for the quarter/nine months) (Refer Note 5) |           |           |           |           |           |           |
| (a.1) Basic (in ₹)                                                          | 13.70     | 12.24     | 12.76     | 37.13     | 37.45     | 51.45     |
| (b.1) Diluted (in ₹)                                                        | 13.70     | 12.24     | 12.76     | 37.13     | 37.45     | 51.45     |
| Paid-up Equity Share Capital (Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each)   | 13,532    | 6,766     | 6,766     | 13,532    | 6,766     | 6,766     |
| Other Equity excluding Revaluation Reserve                                 |           |           |           |           |           | 786,715   |
| Capital Redemption Reserve/Debenture Redemption Reserve                     | 1,903     | 2,358     | 2,358     | 1,903     | 2,358     | 2,358     |
| Net Worth (including Retained Earnings)                                    | 787,043   | 769,905   | 724,838   | 787,043   | 724,838   | 742,922   |
| Ratios:                                                                    |           |           |           |           |           |           |
| a) Debt Service Coverage Ratio                                             | 2.17      | 2.70      | 2.95      | 2.17      | 1.94      | 2.19      |
| b) Interest Service Coverage Ratio                                         | 5.64      | 5.16      | 5.46      | 5.25      | 5.41      | 5.51      |
| c) Debt Equity Ratio                                                       | 0.42      | 0.41      | 0.40      | 0.42      | 0.40      | 0.41      |
| d) Current Ratio                                                          | 1.10      | 1.08      | 1.21      | 1.10      | 1.21      | 1.18      |
| e) Long-term debt to working capital                                      | 2.97      | 2.77      | 2.41      | 2.97      | 2.41      | 2.27      |
| f) Bad debts to Account receivable ratio                                  | -         | -         | -         | -         | -         | -         |
| g) Current liability ratio                                                | 0.51      | 0.51      | 0.46      | 0.51      | 0.46      | 0.48      |
| h) Total debts to total assets                                            | 0.19      | 0.19      | 0.18      | 0.19      | 0.18      | 0.18      |
| i) Debtors turnover $                                                     | 30.90     | 28.62     | 28.06     | 29.54     | 31.49     | 33.30     |
| j) Inventory turnover $                                                  | 5.15      | 5.37      | 5.50      | 5.40      | 5.47      | 5.73      |
| k) Operating margin (%)                                                  | 11.5      | 10.1      | 11.2      | 10.5      | 11.2      | 11.1      |
| l) Net profit margin (%)                                                 | 8.2       | 7.4       | 7.9       | 7.5       | 7.9       | 7.9       |

$ Ratios for the quarter/nine months have been annualised

---

# Page 12

# Notes

1. The figures for the corresponding previous periods have been regrouped / reclassified wherever necessary, to make them comparable.

2. During the quarter, the restructuring of the Media and Jio Cinema businesses of Viacom18 Media Private Limited by demerging these businesses into Star India Private Limited (SIPL) was consummated and RIL made investment of ₹11,500 crore in SIPL resulting in SIPL being consolidated. This transaction has been accounted as a reverse acquisition in accordance with 'Ind AS 103 – Business Combinations' in the books of SIPL and in the consolidated results of the Company.

3. Total Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company outstanding (before netting off prepaid finance charges and Fair Valuation Impact) as on December 31, 2024 are ₹ 30,889 crore out of which, Secured Non-Convertible Debentures are ₹ 21,000 crore.

The Secured Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company aggregating ₹ 21,000 crore as on December 31, 2024 are secured by way of first charge on the Company's certain movable properties. The security cover in respect of the Secured Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company as on December 31, 2024 is more than 1.25 times of the principal and interest accrued of the said Secured Non-Convertible Debentures.

During the period April 2024 to December 2024, the Group redeemed / purchased and cancelled Listed Unsecured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures of ₹ 1,437 crore (PPD 3) and of ₹ 5,000 crore (PPD 17); and effected part redemption of ₹ 1,000 crore of Listed Secured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures (PPD 8).

---

# Page 13

# 4. Formulae for computation of ratios are as follows –

| Sr. | Ratios                      | Formulae                                                                                  |
|------|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| a)   | Debt Service Coverage Ratio | Earnings before Interest and Tax <br> ————————————————————————————— <br> Interest Expense ÷ Principal Repayments made during the period for long term loans |
| b)   | Interest Service Coverage Ratio | Earnings before Interest and Tax <br> ————————————————————— <br> Interest Expense |
| c)   | Debt Equity Ratio           | Total Debt <br> ————— <br> Total Equity                                                  |
| d)   | Current Ratio               | Current Assets <br> ——————— <br> Current Liabilities                                     |
| e)   | Long term debt to working capital | Non-Current Borrowings (Including Current Maturities of Non-Current Borrowings) <br> ————————————————————————————————————————————————————— <br> Current Assets Less Current Liabilities (Excluding Current Maturities of Non-Current Borrowings) |
| f)   | Bad debts to account receivable ratio | Bad Debts <br> ————————— <br> Average Trade Receivables                                  |
| g)   | Current liability ratio     | Total Current Liabilities <br> ————————————————— <br> Total Liabilities                  |
| h)   | Total debts to total assets | Total Debt <br> ————— <br> Total Assets                                                  |
| i)   | Debtors turnover            | Value of Sales & Services <br> ————————————————— <br> Average Trade Receivables          |
| j)   | Inventory turnover          | Cost of Goods Sold (Cost of Material Consumed + Purchases + Changes in Inventory + Manufacturing Expenses) <br> ——————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————— <br> Average Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Process and Stock-in-Trade |
| k)   | Operating margin (%)        | Earnings before Interest and Tax <br> less Other Income <br> ——————————————————— <br> Value of Sales & Services |
| l)   | Net profit margin (%)       | Profit After Tax and Share of Profit / (Loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures <br> ——————————————————————————————————————————————— <br> Value of Sales & Services |

---

# Page 14

5. During the quarter, a) 142,565 partly paid-up equity shares were cancelled post forfeiture; and  
b) 676,61,86,449 equity shares were allotted to the eligible holders of equity shares on the record date (i.e., October 28, 2024) as bonus equity shares by capitalizing securities premium.  
In accordance with the ‘Ind AS 33 – Earnings per Share’, the figures of Earnings Per Share for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and year ended March 31, 2024 and quarter/nine months ended December 31, 2023 have been restated to give effect to the allotment of the bonus shares.

6. The Audit Committee has reviewed, and the Board of Directors has approved the above results and its release at their respective meetings held on January 16, 2025. The Statutory Auditors of the Company have carried out Limited Review of the aforesaid results.

---

# Page 15

# UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED SEGMENT INFORMATION FOR THE QUARTER / NINE MONTHS ENDED 31ST DECEMBER, 2024

(₹ in crore)

| Sr. No | Particulars                                   | Quarter Ended          | Nine Months Ended      | Year Ended (Audited)  |
|--------|-----------------------------------------------|-----------------------|-----------------------|----------------------|
|        |                                               | 31 Dec'24 | 30 Sep'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Dec'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Mar'24 |
| 1      | Segment Value of Sales and Services (Revenue) |           |           |           |           |           |           |
|        | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)                       | 149,595   | 155,580   | 141,096   | 462,308   | 422,115   | 564,749   |
|        | - Oil and Gas                                  | 6,370     | 6,222     | 6,719     | 18,771    | 17,971    | 24,439    |
|        | - Retail                                      | 90,351    | 76,325    | 83,040    | 242,306   | 230,165   | 306,848   |
|        | - Digital Services                            | 39,733    | 38,055    | 33,463    | 113,258   | 98,197    | 132,938   |
|        | - Others                                      | 12,236    | 11,623    | 12,476    | 35,939    | 49,417    | 80,516    |
|        | Gross Value of Sales and Services             | 298,285   | 287,805   | 276,794   | 872,582   | 817,865   | 1,109,490 |
|        | Less: Inter Segment Transfers                  | 31,099    | 29,778    | 28,634    | 89,546    | 82,577    | 109,368   |
|        | Value of Sales & Services                      | 267,186   | 258,027   | 248,160   | 783,036   | 735,288   | 1,000,122 |
|        | Less: GST Recovered                            | 23,321    | 22,546    | 20,190    | 67,473    | 61,531    | 85,650    |
|        | Revenue from Operations                        | 243,865   | 235,481   | 227,970   | 715,563   | 673,757   | 914,472   |
| 2      | Segment Results (EBITDA)                       |           |           |           |           |           |           |
|        | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)*                      | 14,402    | 12,413    | 14,065    | 39,908    | 45,628    | 62,389    |
|        | - Oil and Gas                                  | 5,565     | 5,290     | 5,804     | 16,065    | 14,585    | 20,191    |
|        | - Retail*                                     | 6,840     | 5,861     | 6,251     | 18,373    | 17,231    | 23,108    |
|        | - Digital Services                            | 16,640    | 16,139    | 14,256    | 47,723    | 42,033    | 56,675    |
|        | - Others                                      | 2,148     | 2,106     | 1,903     | 6,257     | 6,332     | 8,466     |
|        | Total Segment Profit before Interest, Tax and Depreciation, Amortisation and Depletion | 45,595    | 41,809    | 42,279    | 128,326   | 125,809   | 170,829   |
| 3      | Segment Results (EBIT)                         |           |           |           |           |           |           |
|        | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)*                      | 12,819    | 10,613    | 11,994    | 34,118    | 39,274    | 53,613    |
|        | - Oil and Gas                                  | 4,222     | 3,947     | 4,116     | 12,035    | 10,750    | 14,831    |
|        | - Retail*                                     | 5,322     | 4,432     | 4,864     | 13,756    | 13,104    | 17,524    |
|        | - Digital Services                            | 10,252    | 9,858     | 8,356     | 28,916    | 24,503    | 33,102    |
|        | - Others                                      | 114       | 175       | 117       | 328       | 1,119     | 1,206     |
|        | Total Segment Profit before Interest and Tax | 32,729    | 29,025    | 29,447    | 89,153    | 88,750    | 120,276   |
|        | (i) Finance Cost                              | (6,179)   | (6,017)   | (5,789)   | (18,114)  | (17,357)  | (23,118)  |
|        | (ii) Interest Income                          | 2,801     | 2,816     | 2,358     | 8,235     | 7,029     | 9,575     |
|        | (iii) Other Un-allocable Income (Net of Expenditure) | (708)     | (787)     | (183)     | (2,360)   | (1,802)   | (2,393)   |
|        | Profit Before Tax                             | 28,643    | 25,037    | 25,833    | 76,914    | 76,620    | 104,340   |
|        | (i) Current Tax                              | (3,723)   | (3,059)   | (3,079)   | (9,852)   | (9,970)   | (13,590)  |
|        | (ii) Deferred Tax                            | (3,116)   | (2,877)   | (3,266)   | (8,709)   | (9,160)   | (12,117)  |
|        | Profit After Tax                             | 21,804    | 19,101    | 19,488    | 58,353    | 57,490    | 78,633    |
|        | Share of Profit / (Loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures | 126       | 222       | 153       | 345       | 287       | 387       |
|        | Profit After Tax and Share of Profit / (Loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures | 21,930    | 19,323    | 19,641    | 58,698    | 57,777    | 79,020    |

*Segment results (EBITDA and EBIT) include Interest Income pertaining to the respective segments.

---

# Page 16

# Segment Assets and Liabilities

(₹ in crore)

| Sr. No | Particulars               | Quarter Ended 31 Dec'24 | Quarter Ended 30 Sep'24 | Quarter Ended 31 Dec'23 | Nine Months Ended 31 Dec'24 | Nine Months Ended 31 Dec'23 | Year Ended (Audited) 31 Mar'24 |
|--------|---------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|-------------------------------|
| 4      | Segment Assets            |                        |                        |                        |                            |                            |                               |
|        | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)  | 426,954                | 416,472                | 407,945                | 426,954                    | 407,945                    | 416,322                       |
|        | - Oil and Gas             | 37,296                 | 37,486                 | 37,799                 | 37,296                     | 37,799                     | 36,625                        |
|        | - Retail                  | 210,024                | 204,673                | 186,619                | 210,024                    | 186,619                    | 198,765                       |
|        | - Digital Services        | 592,758                | 584,163                | 551,410                | 592,758                    | 551,410                    | 555,269                       |
|        | - Others                  | 314,262                | 266,582                | 249,597                | 314,262                    | 249,597                    | 252,435                       |
|        | - Unallocated             | 306,246                | 305,747                | 288,229                | 306,246                    | 288,229                    | 296,570                       |
|        | **Total Segment Assets**  | **1,887,540**          | **1,815,123**          | **1,721,599**          | **1,887,540**              | **1,721,599**              | **1,755,986**                 |
| 5      | Segment Liabilities       |                        |                        |                        |                            |                            |                               |
|        | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)  | 163,563                | 146,530                | 106,831                | 163,563                    | 106,831                    | 127,177                       |
|        | - Oil and Gas             | 8,169                  | 9,352                  | 5,939                  | 8,169                      | 5,939                      | 11,842                        |
|        | - Retail                  | 84,101                 | 81,019                 | 68,710                 | 84,101                     | 68,710                     | 74,618                        |
|        | - Digital Services        | 250,021                | 250,695                | 243,894                | 250,021                    | 243,894                    | 237,800                       |
|        | - Others                  | 53,036                 | 35,166                 | 30,482                 | 53,036                     | 30,482                     | 38,759                        |
|        | - Unallocated             | 1,328,650              | 1,292,361              | 1,265,743              | 1,328,650                  | 1,265,743                  | 1,265,790                     |
|        | **Total Segment Liabilities** | **1,887,540**      | **1,815,123**          | **1,721,599**          | **1,887,540**              | **1,721,599**              | **1,755,986**                 |

---

# Page 17

# Notes to Segment Information (Consolidated) for the Quarter and Nine Months Ended 31st December 2024

As per Indian Accounting Standard 108 ‘Operating Segments’, the Company has reported ‘Segment Information’, as described below:

a) The **Oil to Chemicals** segment includes refining, petrochemicals, fuel retailing, aviation fuel and bulk wholesale marketing. It includes breadth of portfolio spanning transportation fuels, polymers, polyesters and elastomers. The deep and unique integration of O2C business includes world-class assets comprising Refinery Off-Gas Cracker, Aromatics, Gasification, Multi-feed and Gas Crackers along with downstream manufacturing facilities, logistics and supply-chain infrastructure.

b) The **Oil and Gas** segment includes exploration, development, production of crude oil and natural gas.

c) The **Retail** segment includes consumer retail and range of related services.

d) The **Digital Services** segment includes provision of a range of digital services.

e) Other business segments which are not separately reportable have been grouped under the **Others** segment.

---

# Page 18

# Independent Auditor’s Review Report on the Quarterly and Year to date Unaudited Standalone Financial Results of Reliance Industries Limited (“the Company”) pursuant to the Regulations 33 and 52 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation 2015, as amended

**Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP**  
Chartered Accountants  
One International Center  
Tower 3, 27th-32nd Floor  
Senapati Bapat Marg  
Elphinstone Road (West)  
Mumbai – 400013  
Maharashtra, India  

**Chaturvedi & Shah LLP**  
Chartered Accountants  
912, Tulsiani Chambers  
212 Nariman Point  
Mumbai – 400021  
Maharashtra, India  

---

### Review report  
To the Board of Directors  
Reliance Industries Limited

1. We have reviewed the accompanying statement of unaudited standalone financial results of Reliance Industries Limited (“the Company”), which includes joint operations, for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2024 (“the Statement”), being submitted by the Company pursuant to the requirements of Regulations 33 and 52 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“the Listing Regulations").

2. This Statement, which is the responsibility of the Company’s Management and approved by the Company’s Board of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in the Indian Accounting Standard 34, “Interim Financial Reporting” (“Ind AS 34”) prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended, read with relevant rules issued thereunder and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and in compliance with Regulations 33 and 52 of the Listing Regulations. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Statement based on our review.

3. We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410 ‘Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). This standard requires that we plan and perform the review to obtain moderate assurance as to whether the Statement is free from material misstatement. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of the Company’s personnel responsible for financial and accounting matters and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

---

# Page 19

# Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP / Chaturvedi & Shah LLP

4. Based on our review conducted as stated in paragraph 3 above, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying Statement, prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in the aforesaid Indian Accounting Standard ("Ind AS") specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended, read with relevant rules issued thereunder and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, has not disclosed the information required to be disclosed in terms of Regulations 33 and 52 of the Listing Regulations, including the manner in which it is to be disclosed, or that it contains any material misstatement.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018  

*Signed*  
Abhijit A. Damle  
Partner  
Membership No.102912  
UDIN: 25102912BMLCBI5766  

**Place:** Mumbai  
**Date:** 16th January, 2025  

---

For Chaturvedi & Shah LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration No. 101720W/W-100355  

*Signed*  
Sandesh Ladha  
Partner  
Membership No. 047841  
UDIN: 25047841BMIHKL7583  

**Place:** Mumbai  
**Date:** 16th January, 2025

---

# Page 20

# UNAUDITED STANDALONE FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE QUARTER / NINE MONTHS ENDED 31ST DECEMBER, 2024  
(₹ in crore, except per share data and ratios)

| Particulars                                                                 | Quarter Ended          | Nine Months Ended      | Year Ended (Audited) |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------|-----------------------|----------------------|
|                                                                             | 31 Dec'24 | 30 Sep'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Dec'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Mar'24 |
| **Income**                                                                  |           |           |           |           |           |           |
| Value of Sales & Services (Revenue)                                         | 134,133   | 140,148   | 136,083   | 414,483   | 415,650   | 574,956   |
| Less: GST Recovered                                                         | 5,873     | 6,094     | 5,504     | 17,838    | 18,722    | 27,014    |
| Revenue from Operations                                                     | 128,260   | 134,054   | 130,579   | 396,645   | 396,928   | 547,942   |
| Other Income                                                               | 3,214     | 3,801     | 2,969     | 10,517    | 8,631     | 12,128    |
| **Total Income**                                                           | 131,474   | 137,855   | 133,548   | 407,162   | 405,559   | 560,070   |
| **Expenses**                                                               |           |           |           |           |           |           |
| Cost of Materials Consumed                                                  | 91,561    | 96,836    | 94,021    | 288,076   | 280,159   | 376,418   |
| Purchases of Stock-in-Trade                                                | 3,904     | 3,383     | 3,789     | 11,254    | 10,106    | 13,453    |
| Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade | (4,085)   | (723)     | (3,280)   | (9,684)   | (5,884)   | 2,700     |
| Excise Duty                                                               | 3,879     | 3,946     | 2,884     | 12,258    | 9,226     | 13,408    |
| Employee Benefits Expense                                                  | 2,181     | 2,077     | 1,862     | 6,414     | 5,861     | 7,807     |
| Finance Costs                                                             | 2,371     | 2,662     | 2,982     | 7,996     | 9,817     | 13,430    |
| Depreciation / Amortisation and Depletion Expense                         | 4,459     | 4,350     | 4,567     | 13,517    | 12,834    | 17,690    |
| Other Expenses                                                           | 15,607    | 15,110    | 13,745    | 45,374    | 43,218    | 59,891    |
| **Total Expenses**                                                       | 119,877   | 127,641   | 120,570   | 375,205   | 365,337   | 504,797   |
| Profit Before Tax                                                        | 11,597    | 10,214    | 12,978    | 31,957    | 40,222    | 55,273    |
| **Tax Expenses**                                                         |           |           |           |           |           |           |
| Current Tax                                                             | 2,483     | 2,113     | 2,487     | 7,053     | 7,710     | 10,922    |
| Deferred Tax                                                           | 393       | 388       | 567       | 859       | 1,753     | 2,309     |
| Profit After Tax                                                      | 8,721     | 7,713     | 9,924     | 24,045    | 30,759    | 42,042    |
| **Other Comprehensive Income**                                         |           |           |           |           |           |           |
| I Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss               | (19)      | 53        | (40)      | (12)      | (23)      | (38)      |
| II Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss | 5         | (12)      | 11        | 4         | 6         | 11        |
| III Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss                | (3,052)   | 127       | 229       | (2,221)   | (545)     | 63        |
| IV Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss | 767       | (19)      | (41)      | 573       | 154       | 7         |
| **Total Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss) (Net of Tax)**           | (2,299)   | 149       | 159       | (1,656)   | (408)     | 43        |
| **Total Comprehensive Income for the Period**                       | 6,422     | 7,862     | 10,083    | 22,389    | 30,351    | 42,085    |
| Earnings per equity share (Face Value of ₹ 10/-) (Not Annualised for the quarter/nine months) (Refer Note 4) |           |           |           |           |           |           |
| (a.1) Basic (in ₹)                                                    | 6.44      | 5.70      | 7.33      | 17.77     | 22.73     | 31.07     |
| (b.1) Diluted (in ₹)                                                  | 6.44      | 5.70      | 7.33      | 17.77     | 22.73     | 31.07     |
| Paid up Equity Share Capital (Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each) | 13,532    | 6,766     | 6,766     | 13,532    | 6,766     | 6,766     |
| Other Equity excluding Revaluation Reserve                           |           |           |           |           |           | 508,330   |
| Capital Redemption Reserve/Debenture Redemption Reserve             | 1,683     | 1,683     | 1,683     | 1,683     | 1,683     | 1,683     |
| Net Worth (including Retained Earnings)                             | 485,669   | 476,936   | 457,070   | 485,669   | 457,070   | 468,357   |

---

# Page 21

# Ratios

| Particulars                     | Quarter Ended          | Nine Months Ended | Year Ended (Audited) |
|--------------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------|----------------------|
|                                | 31 Dec'24 | 30 Sep'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Dec'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Mar'24 |
| a) Debt Service Coverage Ratio  | 3.20      | 2.37      | 3.17      | 1.76      | 1.57      | 1.84      |
| b) Interest Service Coverage Ratio | 5.89  | 4.84      | 5.35      | 5.00      | 5.10      | 5.12      |
| c) Debt Equity Ratio            | 0.40      | 0.38      | 0.42      | 0.40      | 0.42      | 0.41      |
| d) Current Ratio                | 1.01      | 1.02      | 1.27      | 1.01      | 1.27      | 1.09      |
| e) Long term debt to working capital | 6.25 | 4.15      | 2.36      | 6.25      | 2.36      | 3.47      |
| f) Bad debts to Account receivable ratio | - | -         | -         | -         | -         | -         |
| g) Current liability ratio     | 0.56      | 0.57      | 0.51      | 0.56      | 0.51      | 0.54      |
| h) Total debts to total assets | 0.22      | 0.21      | 0.22      | 0.22      | 0.22      | 0.22      |
| i) Debtors turnover $           | 39.92     | 36.58     | 21.31     | 39.55     | 25.63     | 29.57     |
| j) Inventory turnover $         | 6.26      | 6.95      | 6.38      | 6.82      | 6.58      | 7.31      |
| k) Operating margin (%)         | 8.0       | 6.5       | 9.5       | 7.1       | 10.0      | 9.8       |
| l) Net Profit margin (%)        | 6.5       | 5.5       | 7.3       | 5.8       | 7.4       | 7.3       |

$ Ratios for the quarter/nine months have been annualised.

---

# Page 22

# Notes

1. The figures for the corresponding previous periods have been regrouped / reclassified wherever necessary, to make them comparable.

2. Total Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company outstanding (before netting off prepaid finance charges and Fair Valuation Impact) as on December 31, 2024 are ₹ 30,889 crore out of which, Secured Non-Convertible Debentures are ₹ 21,000 crore.

The Secured Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company aggregating ₹ 21,000 crore as on December 31, 2024 are secured by way of first charge on the Company’s certain movable properties. The security cover in respect of the Secured Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company as on December 31, 2024 is more than 1.25 times of the principal and interest accrued of the said Secured Non-Convertible Debentures.

During the period April 2024 to December 2024, the Company redeemed Listed Unsecured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures amounting to ₹ 1,437 crore (PPD 3) and effected part redemption of ₹ 1,000 crore of Listed Secured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures (PPD 8).

---

# Page 23

# Formulae for computation of ratios are as follows –

| Sr. | Ratios                      | Formulae                                                                                  |
|------|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| a)   | Debt Service Coverage Ratio | Earnings before Interest and Tax                                                        |
|      |                             | Interest Expense + Principal Repayments made during the period for long term loans       |
| b)   | Interest Service Coverage Ratio | Earnings before Interest and Tax                                                        |
|      |                             | Interest Expense                                                                         |
| c)   | Debt Equity Ratio           | Total Debt                                                                              |
|      |                             | Total Equity                                                                            |
| d)   | Current Ratio               | Current Assets                                                                          |
|      |                             | Current Liabilities                                                                     |
| e)   | Long term debt to working capital | Non-Current Borrowings (Including Current Maturities of Non-Current Borrowings)          |
|      |                             | Current Assets Less Current Liabilities (Excluding Current Maturities of Non-Current Borrowings) |
| f)   | Bad debts to account receivable ratio | Bad Debts                                                                              |
|      |                             | Average Trade Receivables                                                               |
| g)   | Current liability ratio     | Total Current Liabilities                                                              |
|      |                             | Total Liabilities                                                                       |
| h)   | Total debts to total assets | Total Debt                                                                             |
|      |                             | Total Assets                                                                           |
| i)   | Debtors turnover            | Value of Sales & Services                                                              |
|      |                             | Average Trade Receivables                                                              |
| j)   | Inventory turnover          | Cost of Goods Sold (Cost of Material Consumed + Purchases + Changes in Inventory + Manufacturing Expenses) |
|      |                             | Average Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Process and Stock-in-Trade              |
| k)   | Operating margin (%)        | Earnings before Interest and Tax less Other Income                                     |
|      |                             | Value of Sales & Services                                                              |
| l)   | Net profit margin (%)       | Profit After Tax                                                                       |
|      |                             | Value of Sales & Services                                                              |

---

# Page 24

*(empty page)*

---

# Page 25

# UNAUDITED STANDALONE SEGMENT INFORMATION FOR THE QUARTER/NINE MONTHS ENDED 31ST DECEMBER, 2024  
(₹ in crore)

| Sr. No. | Particulars                              | Quarter Ended          | Nine Months Ended     | Year Ended (Audited) |
|---------|----------------------------------------|-----------------------|----------------------|----------------------|
|         |                                        | 31 Dec'24 | 30 Sep'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Dec'24 | 31 Dec'23 | 31 Mar'24 |
| 1       | Segment Value of Sales and Services (Revenue) |           |           |           |           |           |           |
|         | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)                | 123,704   | 129,134   | 124,431   | 382,619   | 374,051   | 507,913   |
|         | - Oil and Gas                          | 6,348     | 6,198     | 6,708     | 18,708    | 17,934    | 24,523    |
|         | - Retail                              | 19        | 14        | 20        | 49        | 58        | 74        |
|         | - Digital Services                    | 333       | 334       | 325       | 1,002     | 1,681     | 1,916     |
|         | - Others                             | 3,823     | 4,520     | 4,722     | 12,364    | 22,386    | 41,120    |
|         | Gross Value of Sales and Services    | 134,227   | 140,200   | 136,206   | 414,742   | 416,110   | 575,546   |
|         | Less: Inter Segment Transfers        | 94        | 52        | 123       | 259       | 460       | 590       |
|         | Value of Sales & Services             | 134,133   | 140,148   | 136,083   | 414,483   | 415,650   | 574,956   |
|         | Less: GST Recovered                   | 5,873     | 6,094     | 5,504     | 17,838    | 18,722    | 27,014    |
|         | Revenue from Operations               | 128,260   | 134,054   | 130,579   | 396,645   | 396,928   | 547,942   |
| 2       | Segment Results (EBITDA)               |           |           |           |           |           |           |
|         | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)*             | 9,466     | 8,441     | 11,069    | 26,975    | 38,235    | 52,111    |
|         | - Oil and Gas                        | 5,510     | 5,276     | 5,778     | 15,991    | 14,597    | 20,334    |
|         | - Retail                            | 11        | 10        | 13        | 30        | 36        | 42        |
|         | - Digital Services                  | 190       | 189       | 184       | 562       | 1,081     | 1,179     |
|         | - Others                           | 1,584     | 1,791     | 1,575     | 5,148     | 3,986     | 6,198     |
|         | Total Segment Profit before Interest, Tax and Depreciation, Amortisation and Depletion | 16,761    | 15,707    | 18,619    | 48,706    | 57,935    | 79,864    |
| 3       | Segment Results (EBIT)                 |           |           |           |           |           |           |
|         | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)*             | 8,109     | 6,982     | 9,616     | 22,364    | 33,710    | 45,799    |
|         | - Oil and Gas                        | 4,176     | 3,943     | 4,100     | 11,989    | 10,797    | 15,019    |
|         | - Retail                            | 1         | 1         | 10        | 8         | 26        | 29        |
|         | - Digital Services                  | 40        | 39        | 37        | 114       | 301       | 306       |
|         | - Others                           | 256       | 454       | 335       | 1,102     | 396       | 1,202     |
|         | Total Segment Profit before Interest and Tax | 12,582    | 11,419    | 14,098    | 35,577    | 45,230    | 62,355    |
|         | (i) Finance Cost                    | (2,371)   | (2,662)   | (2,982)   | (7,996)   | (9,817)   | (13,430)  |
|         | (ii) Interest Income               | 2,237     | 2,468     | 2,305     | 7,155     | 6,703     | 9,141     |
|         | (iii) Other Un-allocable Income (Net of Expenditure) | (851)     | (1,011)   | (443)     | (2,779)   | (1,894)   | (2,793)   |
|         | Profit Before Tax                  | 11,597    | 10,214    | 12,978    | 31,957    | 40,222    | 55,273    |
|         | (i) Current Tax                   | (2,483)   | (2,113)   | (2,487)   | (7,053)   | (7,710)   | (10,922)  |
|         | (ii) Deferred Tax                 | (393)     | (388)     | (567)     | (859)     | (1,753)   | (2,309)   |
|         | Profit After Tax                  | 8,721     | 7,713     | 9,924     | 24,045    | 30,759    | 42,042    |

* Segment results (EBITDA and EBIT) include Interest Income pertaining to the respective segments.

---

# Page 26

# Segment Assets and Liabilities

(₹ in crore)

| Sr. No. | Particulars          | Quarter Ended 31 Dec'24 | 30 Sep'24 | 31 Dec'23 | Nine Months Ended 31 Dec'24 | 31 Dec'23 | Year Ended (Audited) 31 Mar'24 |
|---------|---------------------|------------------------|-----------|-----------|----------------------------|-----------|-------------------------------|
| 4       | **Segment Assets**   |                        |           |           |                            |           |                               |
|         | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C) | 332,806                | 330,638   | 329,403   | 332,806                    | 329,403   | 331,147                       |
|         | - Oil and Gas        | 37,681                 | 37,870    | 41,114    | 37,681                     | 41,114    | 39,761                        |
|         | - Retail             | 20,500                 | 20,509    | 18,046    | 20,500                     | 18,046    | 20,529                        |
|         | - Digital Services   | 66,059                 | 66,001    | 66,786    | 66,059                     | 66,786    | 66,155                        |
|         | - Others             | 206,270                | 180,833   | 164,127   | 206,270                    | 164,127   | 170,626                       |
|         | - Unallocated        | 332,804                | 332,601   | 324,938   | 332,804                    | 324,938   | 331,425                       |
|         | **Total Segment Assets** | **996,120**            | **968,452** | **944,414** | **996,120**                | **944,414** | **959,643**                   |
| 5       | **Segment Liabilities** |                        |           |           |                            |           |                               |
|         | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C) | 100,255                | 93,163    | 73,649    | 100,255                    | 73,649    | 87,477                        |
|         | - Oil and Gas        | 7,616                  | 8,798     | 5,388     | 7,616                      | 5,388     | 11,136                        |
|         | - Retail             | 5                      | 6         | 10        | 5                         | 10        | 7                            |
|         | - Digital Services   | 137                    | 27        | 1,231     | 137                       | 1,231     | 261                          |
|         | - Others             | 17,593                 | 15,491    | 17,011    | 17,593                    | 17,011    | 23,542                        |
|         | - Unallocated        | 870,514                | 850,967   | 847,125   | 870,514                    | 847,125   | 837,220                       |
|         | **Total Segment Liabilities** | **996,120**            | **968,452** | **944,414** | **996,120**                | **944,414** | **959,643**                   |

---

# Page 27

# Notes to Segment Information (Standalone) for the Quarter and Nine Months Ended 31st December, 2024

As per Indian Accounting Standard 108 'Operating Segments', the Company has reported 'Segment Information', as described below:

a) The **Oil to Chemicals** segment includes refining, petrochemicals, aviation fuel and bulk wholesale marketing. It includes breadth of portfolio spanning transportation fuels, polymers, polyesters and elastomers. The deep and unique integration of O2C business includes world-class assets comprising Refinery Off-Gas Cracker, Aromatics, Multi-feed and Gas Crackers along with downstream manufacturing facilities, logistics and supply-chain infrastructure.

b) The **Oil and Gas** segment includes exploration, development, production of crude oil and natural gas.

c) The **Retail** segment includes consumer retail & its range of related services and investment in retail business.

d) The **Digital Services** segment includes provision of a range of digital services and investment in digital business.

e) All other business segments which are not separately reportable have been grouped under the **Others** segment.

f) Other investments / assets / liabilities, long-term resources raised by the Company, business trade financing liabilities managed by the centralised treasury function and related income / expense are considered under **Unallocated**.

For Reliance Industries Limited

Mukesh D Ambani  
Chairman & Managing Director  

January 16, 2025

---

Registered Office:  
Maker Chambers IV  
3rd Floor, 222, Nariman Point  
Mumbai 400 021, India  

Corporate Communications  
Maker Chambers IV  
9th Floor, Nariman Point  
Mumbai 400 021, India  

| Telephone | (+91 22) 3555 5000 |
|-----------|--------------------|
| Telefax   | (+91 22) 3555 5185 |
| Internet  | www.ril.com; investor.relations@ril.com |
| CIN       | L17110MH1973PLC019786 |

Page 16 of 16