# Page 1

# Reliance Industries Limited

October 14, 2024

**BSE Limited**  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400 001  

**National Stock Exchange of India Limited**  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051  

Scrip Code: **500325**  
Trading Symbol: **RELIANCE**

Dear Sirs,

**Sub: Consolidated and Standalone Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024**

In continuation of our letter dated October 7, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 33 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we attach the Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2024, along with Independent Auditor's Review Report thereon.

The said Financial Results were duly reviewed and recommended by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, at their respective meetings held today.

The meeting of the Board of Directors commenced at 5:30 p.m. (IST). Please note that the Financial Results were approved by the Board at 6:50 p.m. (IST) and the meeting is continuing.

This is for information and records.

Thanking you

Yours faithfully,  
For **Reliance Industries Limited**

Savithri Parekh  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

Encl.: as above

Copy to:

Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
35A Boulevard Joseph II,  
L-1840 Luxembourg  

Singapore Exchange Limited  
4 Shenton Way, #02-01 SGX Centre 2,  
Singapore 068807

---

# Page 2

*(empty page)*

---

# Page 3

*(empty page)*

---

# Page 4

*(empty page)*

---

# Page 5

*(empty page)*

---

# Page 6

# List of Joint Ventures:
Alok Industries International Limited; Alok Industries Limited; Alok Infrastructure Limited; Alok International (Middle East) FZE; Alok International Inc.; Alok Singapore PTE Limited; Alok Worldwide Limited; BAM DLR Chennai Private Limited; BAM DLR Data Center Services Private Limited; BAM DLR Kolkata Private Limited; BAM DLR Mumbai Private Limited; BAM DLR Network Services Private Limited; Brooks Brothers India Private Limited; Burberry India Private Limited; BVM Overseas Limited; CAA Brands Reliance Private Limited (formerly known as CAA-Global Brands Reliance Private Limited); Canali India Private Limited; Clarks Footwear Private Limited; D. E. Shaw India Securities Private Limited; Diesel Fashion India Reliance Private Limited; Ethane Crystal LLC; Ethane Emerald LLC; Ethane Opal LLC; Ethane Pearl LLC; Ethane Sapphire LLC; Ethane Topaz LLC; Football Sports Development Limited; Grabal Alok International Limited;; Hathway Bhawani NDS Network Limited; Hathway Cable MCN Nanded Private Limited; Hathway Channel 5 Cable and Datacom Private Limited; Hathway Dattatray Cable Network Private Limited; Hathway ICE Television Private Limited; Hathway Latur MCN Cable & Datacom Private Limited; Hathway MCN Private Limited; Hathway Prime Cable & Datacom Private Limited$; Hathway Sai Star Cable & Datacom Private Limited; Hathway Sonali OM Crystal Cable Private Limited; Hathway SS Cable & Datacom LLP; IBN Lokmat News Private Limited; Iconix Lifestyle India Private Limited; India Gas Solutions Private Limited; Indospace MET Logistics Park Farukhnagar Private Limited; Jio Space Technology Limited; Marks and Spencer Reliance India Private Limited; Mileta a.s.; Pipeline Management Services Private Limited; Reldel Apparel Private Limited; Reliance Bally India Private Limited; Reliance International Leasing IFSC Limited; Reliance Paul & Shark Fashions Private Limited; Reliance Sideways Private Limited; Reliance-Vision Express Private Limited; Ryohin-Keikaku Reliance India Private Limited; Sanmina-SCI India Private Limited; Sanmina-SCI Technology India Private Limited; Sintex Industries Limited; Sodium-ion Batteries Pty Limited; Sosyo Hajoori Beverages Private Limited; TCO Reliance India Private Limited; Ubona Technologies Private Limited; Zegna South Asia Private Limited.

$ Ceased to be a joint venture during the quarter.

# List of Associates:
Big Tree Entertainment Lanka Private Limited; Big Tree Entertainment Private Limited; Big Tree Entertainment Singapore PTE. Limited; Big Tree Sport & Recreational Events Tickets Selling L.L.C; BookmyShow Live Private Limited; Bookmyshow SDN. BHD.; BookmyShow Venues Management Private Limited; Caelux Corporation; Circle E Retail Private Limited; Clayfin Technologies Private Limited; DEN ABC Cable Network Ambarnath Private Limited; DEN ADN Network Private Limited; DEN New Broad Communication Private Limited; Den Satellite Network Private Limited; DL GTPL Broadband Private Limited; DL GTPL Cabnet Private Limited; Dunzo Digital Private Limited$; Dunzo Merchant Services Private Limited$; Dunzo Wholesale Private Limited$; Dyulok Technologies Private Limited; Eenadu Television Private Limited; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Cinco, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Cuatro, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Dos, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Nueve, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Ocho, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Seis, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Siete, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Tres, S.L.; Esterlina Solar – Proyecto Uno, S.L.; Esterlina Solar Engineers Private Limited; Fantain Sports Private Limited; Foodfesta Wellcare Private Limited; Future101 Design Private Limited; Gaurav Overseas Private Limited; GCO Solar Pty. Ltd.; GenNext Ventures Investment Advisers LLP$; GTPL Abhilash Communication Private Limited; GTPL Bansidhar Telelink Private Limited; GTPL Bariya Television Network$.

---

# Page 7

*(empty page)*

---

# Page 8

# Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP  Chaturvedi & Shah LLP

6. The accompanying Statement includes the unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/ financial information, in respect of -

a. 200 subsidiaries, whose unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information reflect total assets of Rs. 493,684 crore as at 30th September, 2024, total revenues of Rs. 131,220 crore and Rs. 292,036 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively, total net profit after tax of Rs. 2,793 crore and Rs. 5,593 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively, total comprehensive income of Rs. 1,426 crore and Rs. 4,127 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively and net cash outflows of Rs. 771 crore for the half year ended 30th September, 2024, as considered in the Statement which have been reviewed by one of us either individually or jointly with other auditors.

b. 15 associates and 21 joint ventures, whose unaudited interim standalone/ consolidated financial results/ financial information reflect Group’s share of profit after tax of Rs. 110 crore and Rs. 37 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively and total comprehensive income of Rs. 105 crore and Rs. 32 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively, as considered in the Statement which have been reviewed by one of us either individually or jointly with other auditors.

c. 119 subsidiaries, which have not been reviewed by us, whose unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information reflect total assets of Rs. 845,931 crore as at 30th September, 2024, total revenues of Rs. 115,219 crore and Rs. 227,102 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively, total net profit after tax of Rs. 8,575 crore and Rs. 15,706 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively, total comprehensive income of Rs. 8,263 crore and Rs. 15,267 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively and net cash outflows of Rs. 12,444 crore for the half year ended 30th September, 2024, as considered in the Statement which have been reviewed by other auditors.

d. 74 associates and 13 joint ventures, which have not been reviewed by us, whose unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information reflect Group’s share of profit after tax of Rs. 51 crore and Rs. 70 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively and total comprehensive income of Rs. 51 crore and Rs. 70 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively, as considered in the Statement which have been reviewed by other auditors.

The reports on the unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information of these entities have been furnished to us by the Management and our conclusion on the Statement, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, is based solely on the reports of such auditors and the procedures performed by us as stated in paragraph 3 above.

Our conclusion on the Statement is not modified in respect of these matters.

---

# Page 9

# Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP / Chaturvedi & Shah LLP

7. The accompanying Statement includes the unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/ financial information, in respect of -

a. 23 subsidiaries, whose unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information reflect total assets of Rs. 294 crore as at 30th September, 2024, total revenues of Rs. 1 crore and Rs. 7 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively, total profit after tax of Rs. 1 crore and Rs. 1 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively, total comprehensive income of Rs. 1 crore and total comprehensive loss of Rs. 1 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively and net cash outflows of Rs. 2 crore for the half year ended 30th September, 2024, as considered in the Statement.

b. 28 associates and 27 joint ventures, whose unaudited interim standalone/ consolidated financial results/financial information reflect Group’s share of profit after tax of Rs. 61 crore and Rs. 112 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively and total comprehensive income of Rs. 61 crore and Rs. 112 crore for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 respectively, as considered in the Statement.

These unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information have not been reviewed by their auditors and have been approved and furnished to us by the Management and our conclusion on the Statement, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, is based solely on such unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information. According to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, these unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information are not material to the Group.

Our conclusion on the Statement is not modified in respect of our reliance on the unaudited interim standalone/consolidated financial results/financial information certified by the Management.

---

**For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP**  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018  

*Signature*  
**Abhijit A. Damle**  
Partner  
Membership No.102912  
UDIN: 24102912BKEPHW8942  

Place: Mumbai  
**Date:** 14th October, 2024  

---

**For Chaturvedi & Shah LLP**  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration No. 101720W/W-100355  

*Signature*  
**Sandesh Ladha**  
Partner  
Membership No. 047841  
UDIN: 24047841BKCAOT2868  

Place: Mumbai  
**Date:** 14th October, 2024

---

# Page 10

# UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE QUARTER / HALF YEAR ENDED 30TH SEPTEMBER, 2024  
(₹ in crore, except per share data and ratios)

| Particulars                                   | Quarter Ended |           |           | Half Year Ended |           | Year Ended (Audited) |
|-----------------------------------------------|--------------|-----------|-----------|-----------------|-----------|----------------------|
|                                               | 30 Sep'24    | 30 Jun'24 | 30 Sep'23 | 30 Sep'24       | 30 Sep'23 | 31 Mar'24            |
| Income                                        |              |           |           |                 |           |                      |
| Value of Sales & Services (Revenue)           | 258,027      | 257,823   | 255,996   | 515,850         | 487,128   | 1,000,122            |
| Less: GST Recovered                           | 22,546       | 21,606    | 21,040    | 44,152          | 41,341    | 85,650               |
| Revenue from Operations                        | 235,481      | 236,217   | 234,956   | 471,698         | 445,787   | 914,472              |
| Other Income                                  | 4,876        | 3,983     | 3,841     | 8,859           | 7,654     | 16,057               |
| **Total Income**                              | 240,357      | 240,200   | 238,797   | 480,557         | 453,441   | 930,529              |
| Expenses                                     |              |           |           |                 |           |                      |
| Cost of Materials Consumed                    | 107,060      | 109,206   | 101,619   | 216,266         | 197,428   | 400,345              |
| Purchases of Stock-in-Trade                   | 52,824       | 50,001    | 50,786    | 102,825         | 89,158    | 189,881              |
| Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade | (6,982)      | (5,749)   | 304       | (12,731)        | (2,209)   | (4,883)              |
| Excise Duty                                   | 3,946        | 4,433     | 3,070     | 8,379           | 6,342     | 13,408               |
| Employee Benefits Expense                     | 6,649        | 7,071     | 5,947     | 13,720          | 12,548    | 25,679               |
| Finance Costs                                 | 6,017        | 5,918     | 5,731     | 11,935          | 11,568    | 23,118               |
| Depreciation / Amortisation and Depletion Expense | 12,880       | 13,596    | 12,585    | 26,476          | 24,360    | 50,832               |
| Other Expenses                                | 32,926       | 32,490    | 32,262    | 65,416          | 63,459    | 127,809              |
| **Total Expenses**                            | 215,320      | 216,966   | 212,304   | 432,286         | 402,654   | 826,189              |
| Profit Before Tax                             | 25,037       | 23,234    | 26,493    | 48,271          | 50,787    | 104,340              |
| Tax Expenses                                 |              |           |           |                 |           |                      |
| Current Tax                                  | 3,059        | 3,070     | 3,499     | 6,129           | 6,891     | 13,590               |
| Deferred Tax                                 | 2,877        | 2,716     | 3,174     | 5,593           | 5,894     | 12,117               |
| Profit After Tax                             | 19,101       | 17,448    | 19,820    | 36,549          | 38,002    | 78,633               |
| Share of Profit / (Loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures | 222          | (3)       | 58        | 219             | 134       | 387                  |
| Profit After Tax and Share of Profit / (Loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures | 19,323       | 17,445    | 19,878    | 36,768          | 38,136    | 79,020               |
| Other Comprehensive Income                   |              |           |           |                 |           |                      |
| I Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss | (2,024)      | (264)     | 192       | (2,288)         | 803       | 3,852                |
| II Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss | 278          | 47        | (17)      | 325             | (96)      | (433)                |
| III Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss | 314          | 679       | (1,765)   | 993             | (674)     | 244                  |
| IV Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss | (74)         | (165)     | 459       | (239)           | 183       | 6                    |
| **Total Other Comprehensive Income (Net of Tax)** | (1,506)      | 297       | (1,131)   | (1,209)         | 216       | 3,669                |
| **Total Comprehensive Income for the Period** | 17,817       | 17,742    | 18,747    | 35,559          | 38,352    | 82,689               |
| Net Profit attributable to:                   |              |           |           |                 |           |                      |
| a) Owners of the Company                      | 16,563       | 15,138    | 17,394    | 31,701          | 33,405    | 69,621               |
| b) Non-Controlling Interest                   | 2,760        | 2,307     | 2,484     | 5,067           | 4,731     | 9,399                |
| Other Comprehensive Income attributable to:  |              |           |           |                 |           |                      |
| a) Owners of the Company                      | (1,335)      | 324       | (1,143)   | (1,011)         | 198       | 3,567                |
| b) Non-Controlling Interest                   | (171)        | (27)      | 12        | (198)           | 18        | 102                  |
| Total Comprehensive Income attributable to:  |              |           |           |                 |           |                      |
| a) Owners of the Company                      | 15,228       | 15,462    | 16,251    | 30,690          | 33,603    | 73,188               |
| b) Non-Controlling Interest                   | 2,589        | 2,280     | 2,496     | 4,869           | 4,749     | 9,501                |

---

# Page 11

# Financial Data

| Particulars                                      | Quarter Ended 30 Sep '24 | 30 Jun '24 | 30 Sep '23 | Half Year Ended 30 Sep '24 | 30 Sep '23 | Year Ended (Audited) 31 Mar '24 |
|-------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|------------|------------|----------------------------|------------|---------------------------------|
| Earnings per equity share (Face Value of ₹ 10/-) (Not Annualised for the quarter/half year ended) |                          |            |            |                            |            |                                 |
| (a.1) Basic (in ₹)                               | 24.48                    | 22.37      | 25.71      | 46.85                      | 49.37      | 102.90                          |
| (b.1) Diluted (in ₹)                             | 24.48                    | 22.37      | 25.71      | 46.85                      | 49.37      | 102.90                          |
| Paid-up Equity Share Capital (Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each) | 6,766                    | 6,766      | 6,766      | 6,766                      | 6,766      | 6,766                           |
| Other Equity excluding Revaluation Reserve      |                          |            |            |                            |            | 786,715                         |
| Capital Redemption Reserve/Debenture Redemption Reserve | 2,358                    | 2,358      | 2,358      | 2,358                      | 2,358      | 2,358                           |
| Net Worth (including Retained Earnings)          | 769,905                  | 758,040    | 704,032    | 769,905                    | 704,032    | 742,922                         |
| Ratios                                           |                          |            |            |                            |            |                                 |
| a) Debt Service Coverage Ratio                   | 2.70                     | 1.79       | 1.65       | 2.17                       | 1.66       | 2.19                            |
| b) Interest Service Coverage Ratio               | 5.16                     | 4.93       | 5.62       | 5.04                       | 5.39       | 5.51                            |
| c) Debt Equity Ratio                              | 0.41                     | 0.38       | 0.39       | 0.41                       | 0.39       | 0.41                            |
| d) Current Ratio                                 | 1.08                     | 1.11       | 1.16       | 1.08                       | 1.16       | 1.18                            |
| e) Long-term debt to working capital             | 2.77                     | 2.69       | 2.89       | 2.77                       | 2.89       | 2.27                            |
| f) Bad debts to Account receivable ratio         | -                        | -          | -          | -                          | -          | -                               |
| g) Current liability ratio                        | 0.51                     | 0.49       | 0.47       | 0.51                       | 0.47       | 0.48                            |
| h) Total debts to total assets                    | 0.19                     | 0.17       | 0.18       | 0.19                       | 0.18       | 0.18                            |
| i) Debtors turnover $                             | 28.62                    | 28.01      | 32.26      | 33.42                      | 29.80      | 33.30                           |
| j) Inventory turnover $                           | 5.37                     | 5.69       | 5.99       | 5.52                       | 5.66       | 5.73                            |
| k) Operating margin (%)                           | 10.1                     | 9.8        | 11.1       | 10.0                       | 11.2       | 11.1                            |
| l) Net profit margin (%)                          | 7.4                      | 6.8        | 7.7        | 7.1                        | 7.8        | 7.9                             |

$ Ratios for the quarter/half year have been annualised

---

# Page 12

# UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT 30th SEPTEMBER, 2024

(₹ in crore)

| Particulars                        | As at 30th September, 2024 | As at 31st March, 2024 (Audited) |
|----------------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------------|
| **ASSETS**                       |                            |                                  |
| **Non-Current Assets**           |                            |                                  |
| Property, Plant and Equipment    | 602,246                    | 606,084                          |
| Spectrum                        | 66,857                     | 69,852                           |
| Other Intangible Assets          | 84,871                     | 89,060                           |
| Goodwill                        | 14,763                     | 14,989                           |
| Capital Work-in-Progress         | 198,873                    | 152,382                          |
| Spectrum Under Development       | 134,034                    | 129,602                          |
| Other Intangible Assets Under Development | 65,976            | 56,871                           |
| Financial Assets                |                            |                                  |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Investments          | 120,122                    | 119,502                          |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Loans                | 750                        | 899                              |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Other Financial Assets | 2,694                   | 2,622                            |
| Deferred Tax Assets (Net)        | 654                        | 938                              |
| Other Non-Current Assets         | 44,871                     | 43,085                           |
| **Total Non-Current Assets**     | **1,336,711**              | **1,285,886**                    |
| **Current Assets**               |                            |                                  |
| Inventories                    | 160,950                    | 152,770                          |
| Financial Assets                |                            |                                  |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Investments          | 124,437                    | 106,170                          |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Trade Receivables    | 30,121                     | 31,628                           |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Cash and Cash Equivalents | 90,353               | 97,225                           |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Loans                | 4,641                      | 2,517                            |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Other Financial Assets | 17,908                  | 23,965                           |
| Other Current Assets             | 50,002                     | 55,825                           |
| **Total Current Assets**         | **478,412**                | **470,100**                      |
| **Total Assets**                | **1,815,123**              | **1,755,986**                    |
| **EQUITY AND LIABILITIES**      |                            |                                  |
| **Equity**                     |                            |                                  |
| Equity Share Capital             | 6,766                      | 6,766                            |
| Other Equity                   | 812,687                    | 786,715                          |
| Non-Controlling Interest         | 134,871                    | 132,307                          |
| **Total Equity**                | **954,324**                | **925,788**                      |
| **Liabilities**                |                            |                                  |
| **Non-Current Liabilities**    |                            |                                  |
| Financial Liabilities           |                            |                                  |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Borrowings           | 203,928                    | 222,712                          |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Lease Liabilities    | 16,978                     | 17,415                           |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Deferred Payment Liabilities | 106,735             | 108,272                          |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Other Financial Liabilities | 7,650               | 5,667                            |
| Provisions                    | 2,063                      | 2,044                            |
| Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)   | 77,387                     | 72,241                           |
| Other Non-Current Liabilities    | 3,298                      | 4,480                            |
| **Total Non-Current Liabilities** | **418,039**              | **432,831**                      |
| **Current Liabilities**        |                            |                                  |
| Financial Liabilities           |                            |                                  |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Borrowings           | 132,409                    | 101,910                          |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Lease Liabilities    | 4,210                      | 4,105                            |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Trade Payables       | 175,576                    | 178,377                          |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Other Financial Liabilities | 64,030               | 55,602                           |
| Other Current Liabilities        | 63,210                     | 55,198                           |
| Provisions                    | 3,325                      | 2,175                            |
| **Total Current Liabilities**    | **442,760**                | **397,367**                      |
| **Total Liabilities**          | **860,799**                | **830,198**                      |
| **Total Equity and Liabilities** | **1,815,123**             | **1,755,986**                    |

---

# Page 13

# UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 30TH SEPTEMBER, 2024

(₹ in crore)

| Particulars                                                                 | Half Year Ended 30th Sep'24 | Half Year Ended 30th Sep'23 |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|-----------------------------|
| A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:                                   |                             |                             |
| Net Profit Before Tax as per Statement of Profit and Loss                  | 48,271                      | 50,787                      |
| Adjusted for:                                                              |                             |                             |
| (Profit) / Loss on Sale / Discard of Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Intangible Assets (Net) | (20)                        | (67)                        |
| Depreciation / Amortisation and Depletion Expense                         | 26,476                      | 24,360                      |
| Effect of Exchange Rate Change                                             | (705)                       | (1,037)                     |
| Net Gain on Financial Assets                                               | (858)                       | (663)                       |
| Dividend Income                                                           | (443)                       | (72)                        |
| Interest Income                                                           | (6,048)                     | (5,320)                     |
| Finance Costs                                                            | 11,935                      | 11,568                      |
| **Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes**                       | **78,608**                  | **79,556**                  |
| Adjusted for:                                                              |                             |                             |
| Trade and Other Receivables                                                | 7,068                       | (20,361)                    |
| Inventories                                                               | (8,180)                     | (6,250)                     |
| Trade and Other Payables                                                  | 18,941                      | 22,062                      |
| **Cash Generated from Operations**                                        | **96,437**                  | **75,007**                  |
| Taxes Paid (Net)                                                          | (4,627)                     | (4,162)                     |
| **Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities**                              | **91,810**                  | **70,845**                  |
| B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:                                  |                             |                             |
| Expenditure on Property, Plant and Equipment, Spectrum and Other Intangible Assets | (69,137)                    | (65,811)                    |
| Proceeds from disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Intangible Assets | 1,091                       | 94                          |
| Purchase of Other Investments                                             | (360,071)                   | (315,894)                   |
| Proceeds from Sale of Financial Assets                                    | 340,683                     | 338,826                     |
| Payment of Deferred Payment liabilities                                   | (2,250)                     | (2,099)                     |
| Interest Income                                                          | 8,594                       | 4,366                       |
| Dividend Income from Associates                                           | 49                          | 3                           |
| Dividend Income from Others                                               | 502                         | 14                          |
| **Net Cash Flow used in Investing Activities**                           | **(80,539)**                | **(40,501)**                |
| C. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:                                  |                             |                             |
| Proceeds from Issue of Equity Share Capital                              | -                           | -*                          |
| Proceeds from Issue of Share Capital to Non-Controlling Interest (Net of Dividend Paid) | -                           | 16,080                      |
| Net Proceeds from Rights Issue                                           | 13                          | 6                           |
| Payment of Lease Liabilities                                             | (591)                       | (2,560)                     |
| Proceeds from Borrowings - Non-Current (including current maturities)    | 8,830                       | 42,612                      |
| Repayment of Borrowings - Non-Current (including current maturities)     | (15,839)                    | (26,080)                    |
| Borrowings - Current (Net)                                               | 16,066                      | (33,938)                    |
| Payment of Dividend to Equity Holders of the Company                     | (6,766)                     | (6,089)                     |
| Payment of Dividend to Non-Controlling Interest                          | (77)                        | -                           |
| Interest Paid                                                           | (19,779)                    | (20,581)                    |
| **Net Cash Flow used in Financing Activities**                          | **(18,143)**                | **(30,550)**                |
| **Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents**                           | **(6,872)**                 | **(206)**                   |
| Opening Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents                            | 97,225                      | 68,664                      |
| Add: Upon addition of Subsidiaries                                      | -                           | 369                         |
| **Closing Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents**                        | **90,353**                  | **68,827**                  |

\* ₹ 150,000  
# ₹ 1,200,000

---

# Page 14

# Notes

1. The figures for the corresponding previous periods have been regrouped / reclassified wherever necessary, to make them comparable.

2. Total Non-Convertible Debentures of the Group outstanding (before netting off prepaid finance charges and Fair Valuation Impact) as on September 30, 2024 are ₹ 36,889 crore out of which, Secured Non-Convertible Debentures are ₹ 22,000 crore.

The Secured Non-Convertible Debentures of the Group aggregating ₹ 22,000 crore as on September 30, 2024 are secured by way of first charge on the Group’s certain movable properties. The security cover in respect of the Secured Non-Convertible Debentures of the Group as on September 30, 2024 is more than 1.25 times of the principal and interest amount of the said Secured Non-Convertible Debentures.

During the period, April 2024 to September 2024, the Group redeemed Listed Unsecured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures amounting to ₹ 1,437 crore (PPD 3).

---

# Page 15

# Formulae for computation of ratios are as follows –

| Sr. | Ratios                      | Formulae                                                                                  |
|------|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| a)   | Debt Service Coverage Ratio | Earnings before Interest and Tax                                                        |
|      |                             | Interest Expense + Principal Repayments made during the period for long term loans       |
| b)   | Interest Service Coverage Ratio | Earnings before Interest and Tax                                                        |
|      |                             | Interest Expense                                                                         |
| c)   | Debt Equity Ratio           | Total Debt                                                                              |
|      |                             | Total Equity                                                                            |
| d)   | Current Ratio               | Current Assets                                                                          |
|      |                             | Current Liabilities                                                                     |
| e)   | Long term debt to working capital | Non-Current Borrowings (Including Current Maturities of Non-Current Borrowings)         |
|      |                             | Current Assets Less Current Liabilities (Excluding Current Maturities of Non-Current Borrowings) |
| f)   | Bad debts to account receivable ratio | Bad Debts                                                                              |
|      |                             | Average Trade Receivables                                                               |
| g)   | Current liability ratio     | Total Current Liabilities                                                              |
|      |                             | Total Liabilities                                                                      |
| h)   | Total debts to total assets | Total Debt                                                                             |
|      |                             | Total Assets                                                                           |
| i)   | Debtors turnover            | Value of Sales & Services                                                              |
|      |                             | Average Trade Receivables                                                              |
| j)   | Inventory turnover          | Cost of Goods Sold (Cost of Material Consumed + Purchases + Changes in Inventory + Manufacturing Expenses) |
|      |                             | Average Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Process and Stock-in-Trade              |
| k)   | Operating margin (%)        | Earnings before Interest and Tax                                                       |
|      |                             | less Other Income                                                                      |
|      |                             | Value of Sales & Services                                                              |
| l)   | Net profit margin (%)       | Profit After Tax and Share of Profit / (Loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures          |
|      |                             | Value of Sales & Services                                                              |

---

# Page 16

# The Audit Committee Approval

4. The Audit Committee has reviewed, and the Board of Directors has approved the above results and its release at their respective meetings held on October 14, 2024. The Statutory Auditors of the Company have carried out Limited Review of the aforesaid results.

---

**Registered Office:**  
Maker Chambers IV  
3rd Floor, 222, Nariman Point  
Mumbai 400 021, India  

**Corporate Communications:**  
Maker Chambers IV  
9th Floor, Nariman Point  
Mumbai 400 021, India  

**Telephone:** (+91 22) 2278 5000  
**Telefax:** (+91 22) 2278 5185  
**Internet:** www.ril.com; investor.relations@ril.com  
**CIN:** L17110MH1973PLC019786

Page 7 of 20

---

# Page 17

# UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED SEGMENT INFORMATION FOR THE QUARTER / HALF YEAR ENDED 30TH SEPTEMBER, 2024

(₹ in crore)

| Sr. No | Particulars                              | Quarter Ended |           |           | Half Year Ended |           |           | Year Ended (Audited) |
|--------|----------------------------------------|--------------|-----------|-----------|-----------------|-----------|-----------|----------------------|
|        |                                        | 30 Sep'24    | 30 Jun'24 | 30 Sep'23 | 30 Sep'24       | 30 Sep'23 | 31 Mar'24 |                      |
| 1      | Segment Value of Sales and Services (Revenue) |              |           |           |                 |           |           |                      |
|        | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)                | 155,580      | 157,133   | 147,988   | 312,713         | 281,019   | 564,749   |                      |
|        | - Oil and Gas                          | 6,222        | 6,179     | 6,620     | 12,401          | 11,252    | 24,439    |                      |
|        | - Retail                              | 76,325       | 75,630    | 77,163    | 151,955         | 147,125   | 306,848   |                      |
|        | - Digital Services                    | 38,055       | 35,470    | 32,657    | 73,525          | 64,734    | 132,938   |                      |
|        | - Others                             | 11,623       | 12,080    | 19,114    | 23,703          | 36,941    | 80,516    |                      |
|        | Gross Value of Sales and Services    | 287,805      | 286,492   | 283,542   | 574,297         | 541,071   | 1,109,490 |                      |
|        | Less: Inter Segment Transfers         | 29,778       | 28,669    | 27,546    | 58,447          | 53,943    | 109,368   |                      |
|        | Value of Sales & Services             | 258,027      | 257,823   | 255,996   | 515,850         | 487,128   | 1,000,122 |                      |
|        | Less: GST Recovered                   | 22,546       | 21,606    | 21,040    | 44,152          | 41,341    | 85,650    |                      |
|        | Revenue from Operations               | 235,481      | 236,217   | 234,956   | 471,698         | 445,787   | 914,472   |                      |
| 2      | Segment Results (EBITDA)              |              |           |           |                 |           |           |                      |
|        | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)*             | 12,413       | 13,093    | 16,277    | 25,506          | 31,563    | 62,389    |                      |
|        | - Oil and Gas                        | 5,290        | 5,210     | 4,766     | 10,500          | 8,781     | 20,191    |                      |
|        | - Retail*                           | 5,861        | 5,672     | 5,841     | 11,533          | 10,980    | 23,108    |                      |
|        | - Digital Services                  | 16,139       | 14,944    | 14,055    | 31,083          | 27,777    | 56,675    |                      |
|        | - Others                           | 2,106        | 2,003     | 2,206     | 4,109           | 4,429     | 8,466     |                      |
|        | Total Segment Profit before Interest, Tax and Depreciation, Amortisation and Depletion | 41,809       | 40,922    | 43,145    | 82,731          | 83,530    | 170,829   |                      |
| 3      | Segment Results (EBIT)                |              |           |           |                 |           |           |                      |
|        | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)*             | 10,613       | 10,686    | 14,084    | 21,299          | 27,280    | 53,613    |                      |
|        | - Oil and Gas                        | 3,947        | 3,866     | 3,443     | 7,813           | 6,634     | 14,831    |                      |
|        | - Retail*                           | 4,432        | 4,002     | 4,438     | 8,434           | 8,240     | 17,524    |                      |
|        | - Digital Services                  | 9,858        | 8,806     | 8,211     | 18,664          | 16,147    | 33,102    |                      |
|        | - Others                           | 175          | 39        | 447       | 214             | 1,002     | 1,206     |                      |
|        | Total Segment Profit before Interest and Tax | 29,025       | 27,399    | 30,623    | 56,424          | 59,303    | 120,276   |                      |
|        | (i) Finance Cost                    | (6,017)      | (5,918)   | (5,731)   | (11,935)        | (11,568)  | (23,118)  |                      |
|        | (ii) Interest Income               | 2,816        | 2,618     | 2,370     | 5,434           | 4,671     | 9,575     |                      |
|        | (iii) Other Un-allocable Income (Net of Expenditure) | (787)       | (865)     | (769)     | (1,652)         | (1,619)   | (2,393)   |                      |
|        | Profit Before Tax                  | 25,037       | 23,234    | 26,493    | 48,271          | 50,787    | 104,340   |                      |
|        | (i) Current Tax                   | (3,059)      | (3,070)   | (3,499)   | (6,129)         | (6,891)   | (13,590)  |                      |
|        | (ii) Deferred Tax                 | (2,877)      | (2,716)   | (3,174)   | (5,593)         | (5,894)   | (12,117)  |                      |
|        | Profit After Tax                  | 19,101       | 17,448    | 19,820    | 36,549          | 38,002    | 78,633    |                      |
|        | Share of Profit / (Loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures | 222         | (3)       | 58        | 219             | 134       | 387       |                      |
|        | Profit After Tax and Share of Profit / (Loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures | 19,323       | 17,445    | 19,878    | 36,768          | 38,136    | 79,020    |                      |

* Segment results (EBITDA and EBIT) include Interest Income pertaining to the respective segments.

---

# Page 18

# Segment Assets and Liabilities

| Sr. No | Particulars           | Quarter Ended  |           |           | Half Year Ended |           |           | Year Ended (Audited) |
|--------|----------------------|---------------|-----------|-----------|-----------------|-----------|-----------|----------------------|
|        |                      | 30 Sep'24     | 30 Jun'24 | 30 Sep'23 | 30 Sep'24       | 30 Sep'23 |           | 31 Mar'24            |
| 4      | Segment Assets       |               |           |           |                 |           |           |                      |
|        | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C) | 416,472       | 420,422   | 405,010   | 416,472         | 405,010   |           | 416,322              |
|        | - Oil and Gas         | 37,486        | 38,858    | 37,988    | 37,486          | 37,988    |           | 36,625               |
|        | - Retail              | 204,673       | 196,764   | 185,986   | 204,673         | 185,986   |           | 198,765              |
|        | - Digital Services    | 584,163       | 560,063   | 547,127   | 584,163         | 547,127   |           | 555,269              |
|        | - Others              | 266,582       | 260,931   | 236,699   | 266,582         | 236,699   |           | 252,435              |
|        | - Unallocated         | 305,747       | 296,308   | 269,405   | 305,747         | 269,405   |           | 296,570              |
|        | **Total Segment Assets** | **1,815,123** | **1,773,346** | **1,682,215** | **1,815,123**   | **1,682,215** |           | **1,755,986**        |
| 5      | Segment Liabilities  |               |           |           |                 |           |           |                      |
|        | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C) | 146,530       | 140,631   | 103,775   | 146,530         | 103,775   |           | 127,177              |
|        | - Oil and Gas         | 9,352         | 10,613    | 6,827     | 9,352           | 6,827     |           | 11,842               |
|        | - Retail              | 81,019        | 71,869    | 73,530    | 81,019          | 73,530    |           | 74,618               |
|        | - Digital Services    | 250,695       | 236,405   | 247,563   | 250,695         | 247,563   |           | 237,800              |
|        | - Others              | 35,166        | 36,966    | 32,975    | 35,166          | 32,975    |           | 38,759               |
|        | - Unallocated         | 1,292,361     | 1,276,862 | 1,217,545 | 1,292,361       | 1,217,545 |           | 1,265,790            |
|        | **Total Segment Liabilities** | **1,815,123** | **1,773,346** | **1,682,215** | **1,815,123**   | **1,682,215** |           | **1,755,986**        |

---

# Page 19

# Notes to Segment Information (Consolidated) for the Quarter and Half Year Ended 30th September 2024

As per Indian Accounting Standard 108 ‘Operating Segments’, the Company has reported ‘Segment Information’, as described below:

a) The **Oil to Chemicals** segment includes Refining, Petrochemicals, fuel retailing, aviation fuel and bulk wholesale marketing. It includes breadth of portfolio spanning transportation fuels, polymers, polyesters and elastomers. The deep and unique integration of O2C business includes world-class assets comprising Refinery Off-Gas Cracker, Aromatics, Gasification, multi-feed and gas crackers along with downstream manufacturing facilities, logistics and supply-chain infrastructure.

b) The **Oil and Gas** segment includes exploration, development, production of crude oil and natural gas.

c) The **Retail** segment includes consumer retail and range of related services.

d) The **Digital Services** segment includes provision of a range of digital services.

e) Other business segments which are not separately reportable have been grouped under the **Others** segment.

---

# Page 20

# Independent Auditor’s Review Report on the Quarterly and Year to date Unaudited Standalone Financial Results of Reliance Industries Limited (“the Company”) pursuant to the Regulations 33 and 52 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation 2015, as amended

**Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP**  
Chartered Accountants  
One International Center  
Tower 3, 27th-32nd Floor  
Senapati Bapat Marg  
Elphinstone Road (West)  
Mumbai – 400013  
Maharashtra, India  

**Chaturvedi & Shah LLP**  
Chartered Accountants  
912, Tulsiani Chambers  
212 Nariman Point  
Mumbai – 400021  
Maharashtra, India  

---

### Review report  
**To the Board of Directors**  
**Reliance Industries Limited**

1. We have reviewed the accompanying statement of unaudited standalone financial results of Reliance Industries Limited (“the Company”), which includes joint operations, for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2024 (“the Statement”), being submitted by the Company pursuant to the requirements of Regulations 33 and 52 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“the Listing Regulations”).

2. This Statement, which is the responsibility of the Company’s Management and approved by the Company’s Board of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in the Indian Accounting Standard 34, “Interim Financial Reporting” (“Ind AS 34”) prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended, read with relevant rules issued thereunder and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and in compliance with Regulations 33 and 52 of the Listing Regulations. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Statement based on our review.

3. We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE) 2410 ‘Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). This standard requires that we plan and perform the review to obtain moderate assurance as to whether the Statement is free from material misstatement. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of the Company’s personnel responsible for financial and accounting matters and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

---

# Page 21

4. Based on our review conducted as stated in paragraph 3 above, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying Statement, prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in the aforesaid Indian Accounting Standard ("Ind AS") specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended, read with relevant rules issued thereunder and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, has not disclosed the information required to be disclosed in terms of Regulations 33 and 52 of the Listing Regulations, including the manner in which it is to be disclosed, or that it contains any material misstatement.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018  

**Abhijit A. Damle**  
Partner  
Membership No.102912  
UDIN: 24102912BKEPHV8492  

Place: Mumbai  
Date: 14th October, 2024  

---

For Chaturvedi & Shah LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
Firm’s Registration No. 101720W/W-100355  

**Sandesh Ladha**  
Partner  
Membership No. 047841  
UDIN: 24047841BKCAOS5662  

Place: Mumbai  
Date: 14th October, 2024

---

# Page 22

# UNAUDITED STANDALONE FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE QUARTER / HALF YEAR ENDED 30TH SEPTEMBER, 2024  
(₹ in crore, except per share data and ratios)

| Particulars                                   | Quarter Ended |           |           | Half Year Ended |           | Year Ended  |  
|-----------------------------------------------|--------------|-----------|-----------|-----------------|-----------|-------------|  
|                                               | 30 Sep'24    | 30 Jun'24 | 30 Sep'23 | 30 Sep'24       | 30 Sep'23 | 31 Mar'24   |  
| **Income**                                    |              |           |           |                 |           |             |  
| Value of Sales & Services (Revenue)           | 140,148      | 140,202   | 147,345   | 280,350         | 279,567   | 574,956     |  
| Less: GST Recovered                           | 6,094        | 5,871     | 6,895     | 11,965          | 13,218    | 27,014      |  
| **Revenue from Operations**                    | 134,054      | 134,331   | 140,450   | 268,385         | 266,349   | 547,942     |  
| Other Income                                  | 3,801        | 3,502     | 2,934     | 7,303           | 5,662     | 12,128      |  
| **Total Income**                              | 137,855      | 137,833   | 143,384   | 275,688         | 272,011   | 560,070     |  
| **Expenses**                                  |              |           |           |                 |           |             |  
| Cost of Materials Consumed                     | 96,836       | 99,679    | 99,429    | 196,515         | 186,138   | 376,418     |  
| Purchases of Stock-in-Trade                    | 3,383        | 3,967     | 3,695     | 7,350           | 6,317     | 13,453      |  
| Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade | (723)        | (4,876)   | (2,183)   | (5,599)         | (2,604)   | 2,700       |  
| Excise Duty                                   | 3,946        | 4,433     | 3,070     | 8,379           | 6,342     | 13,408      |  
| Employee Benefits Expense                      | 2,077        | 2,156     | 1,884     | 4,233           | 3,999     | 7,807       |  
| Finance Costs                                 | 2,662        | 2,963     | 3,239     | 5,625           | 6,835     | 13,430      |  
| Depreciation / Amortisation and Depletion Expense | 4,350        | 4,708     | 4,384     | 9,058           | 8,267     | 17,690      |  
| Other Expenses                                | 15,110       | 14,657    | 15,364    | 29,767          | 29,473    | 59,891      |  
| **Total Expenses**                            | 127,641      | 127,687   | 128,882   | 255,328         | 244,767   | 504,797     |  
| **Profit Before Tax**                         | 10,214       | 10,146    | 14,502    | 20,360          | 27,244    | 55,273      |  
| **Tax Expenses**                              |              |           |           |                 |           |             |  
| Current Tax                                  | 2,113        | 2,457     | 2,575     | 4,570           | 5,223     | 10,922      |  
| Deferred Tax                                 | 388          | 78        | 719       | 466             | 1,186     | 2,309       |  
| **Profit After Tax**                          | 7,713        | 7,611     | 11,208    | 15,324          | 20,835    | 42,042      |  
| **Other Comprehensive Income**                |              |           |           |                 |           |             |  
| I Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss | 53           | (46)      | (26)      | 7               | 17        | (38)       |  
| II Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss | (12)         | 11        | 6         | (1)             | (5)       | 11         |  
| III Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss | 127          | 704       | (1,813)   | 831             | (774)     | 63         |  
| IV Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss | (19)         | (175)     | 456       | (194)           | 195       | 7          |  
| **Total Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss) (Net of Tax)** | 149          | 494       | (1,377)   | 643             | (567)     | 43         |  
| **Total Comprehensive Income for the Period** | 7,862        | 8,105     | 9,831     | 15,967          | 20,268    | 42,085      |  
| **Earnings per equity share (Face Value of ₹ 10/-) (Not Annualised for the quarter/half year ended)** |              |           |           |                 |           |             |  
| (a.1) Basic (in ₹)                            | 11.40        | 11.25     | 16.56     | 22.65           | 30.79     | 62.14       |  
| (b.1) Diluted (in ₹)                          | 11.40        | 11.25     | 16.56     | 22.65           | 30.79     | 62.14       |  
| Paid up Equity Share Capital (Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each) | 6,766        | 6,766     | 6,766     | 6,766           | 6,766     | 6,766       |  
| Other Equity excluding Revaluation Reserve   |              |           |           |                 |           | 508,330     |  
| Capital Redemption Reserve/Debenture Redemption Reserve | 1,683        | 1,683     | 1,683     | 1,683           | 1,683     | 1,683       |  
| Net Worth (including Retained Earnings)      | 476,936      | 475,972   | 447,143   | 476,936         | 447,143   | 468,357     |

---

# Page 23

# Ratios

| Particulars                      | Quarter Ended 30 Sep '24 | 30 Jun '24 | 30 Sep '23 | Half Year Ended 30 Sep '24 | 30 Sep '23 | Year Ended (Audited) 31 Mar '24 |
|---------------------------------|--------------------------|------------|------------|----------------------------|------------|---------------------------------|
| a) Debt Service Coverage Ratio  | 2.37                     | 1.02       | 1.67       | 1.42                       | 1.27       | 1.84                            |
| b) Interest Service Coverage Ratio | 4.84                  | 4.42       | 5.48       | 4.62                       | 4.99       | 5.12                            |
| c) Debt Equity Ratio             | 0.38                     | 0.37       | 0.38       | 0.38                       | 0.38       | 0.41                            |
| d) Current Ratio                 | 1.02                     | 1.04       | 1.20       | 1.02                       | 1.20       | 1.09                            |
| e) Long term debt to working capital | 4.15                 | 3.93       | 2.81       | 4.15                       | 2.81       | 3.47                            |
| f) Bad debts to Account receivable ratio | -                 | -          | -          | -                          | -          | -                               |
| g) Current liability ratio      | 0.57                     | 0.57       | 0.54       | 0.57                       | 0.54       | 0.54                            |
| h) Total debts to total assets  | 0.21                     | 0.20       | 0.20       | 0.21                       | 0.20       | 0.22                            |
| i) Debtors turnover $            | 36.58                    | 35.37      | 21.26      | 39.46                      | 19.93      | 29.57                           |
| j) Inventory turnover $          | 6.95                     | 7.23       | 7.18       | 7.22                       | 6.78       | 7.31                            |
| k) Operating margin (%)          | 6.5                      | 6.9        | 10.0       | 6.7                        | 10.2       | 9.8                             |
| l) Net Profit margin (%)         | 5.5                      | 5.4        | 7.6        | 5.5                        | 7.5        | 7.3                             |

$ Ratios for the quarter/half year have been annualised.

---

# Page 24

# UNAUDITED STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET AS AT 30TH SEPTEMBER, 2024

(₹ in crore)

| Particulars                        | As at 30th September, 2024 | As at 31st March, 2024 (Audited) |
|----------------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------------|
| **ASSETS**                       |                            |                                  |
| Non-Current Assets               |                            |                                  |
| Property, Plant and Equipment    | 258,052                    | 258,911                          |
| Intangible Assets               | 37,313                     | 40,719                           |
| Capital Work-in-Progress         | 58,123                     | 44,294                           |
| Intangible Assets Under Development | 20,645                 | 17,338                           |
| Financial Assets                |                            |                                  |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Investments          | 308,155                    | 301,400                          |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Loans                | 3,545                      | 10,051                           |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Others Financial Assets | 15,785                 | 16,902                           |
| Other Non-Current Assets         | 7,358                      | 7,403                            |
| **Total Non-Current Assets**     | **708,976**                | 697,018                          |
| Current Assets                  |                            |                                  |
| Inventories                    | 83,216                     | 85,100                           |
| Financial Assets                |                            |                                  |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Investments          | 64,064                     | 68,663                           |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Trade Receivables    | 13,678                     | 14,740                           |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Cash and Cash Equivalents | 77,128               | 69,248                           |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Others Financial Assets | 12,124                 | 11,747                           |
| Other Current Assets             | 9,266                      | 13,127                           |
| **Total Current Assets**         | **259,476**                | 262,625                          |
| **Total Assets**                 | **968,452**                | 959,643                          |
| **EQUITY AND LIABILITIES**       |                            |                                  |
| Equity                         |                            |                                  |
| Equity Share Capital            | 6,766                      | 6,766                            |
| Other Equity                   | 517,551                    | 508,330                          |
| **Total Equity**                | **524,317**                | 515,096                          |
| Liabilities                   |                            |                                  |
| Non-Current Liabilities         |                            |                                  |
| Financial Liabilities          |                            |                                  |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Borrowings           | 146,307                    | 161,059                          |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Lease Liabilities    | 2,661                      | 2,692                            |
| Provisions                    | 1,663                      | 1,701                            |
| Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)  | 36,920                     | 36,259                           |
| Other Non-Current Liabilities   | 1,239                      | 2,822                            |
| **Total Non-Current Liabilities** | **188,790**              | 204,533                          |
| Current Liabilities            |                            |                                  |
| Financial Liabilities          |                            |                                  |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Borrowings           | 53,564                     | 50,731                           |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;Lease Liabilities    | 74                         | 93                              |
| Trade Payables due to:          |                            |                                  |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;- Micro and Small Enterprises | 603               | 492                             |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;- Other than Micro and Small Enterprises | 120,056 | 129,367                          |
| Other Financial Liabilities     | 35,086                     | 27,493                           |
| Other Current Liabilities       | 44,179                     | 30,866                           |
| Provisions                    | 1,783                      | 972                             |
| **Total Current Liabilities**   | **255,345**                | 240,014                          |
| **Total Liabilities**           | **444,135**                | 444,547                          |
| **Total Equity and Liabilities** | **968,452**              | 959,643                          |

---

# Page 25

# UNAUDITED STANDALONE CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 30TH SEPTEMBER, 2024  
(₹ in crore)

| Particulars                                                                 | Half Year Ended 30th Sep'24 | Half Year Ended 30th Sep'23 |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|-----------------------------|
| **A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES**                                |                             |                             |
| Net Profit Before Tax as per Statement of Profit and Loss                  | 20,360                      | 27,244                      |
| Adjusted for:                                                              |                             |                             |
| (Profit)/Loss on Sale / Discard of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets (Net) | (17)                        | 50                          |
| Depreciation / Amortisation and Depletion Expense                         | 9,058                       | 8,267                       |
| Effect of Exchange Rate Change                                             | (779)                       | (986)                       |
| Net (Gain)/Loss on Financial Assets                                        | (171)                       | (16)                        |
| Dividend Income                                                           | (140)                       | (49)                        |
| Interest Income                                                           | (5,790)                     | (4,513)                     |
| Finance Costs                                                             | 5,625                       | 6,835                       |
| **Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes**                       | 28,146                      | 36,832                      |
| Adjusted for:                                                              |                             |                             |
| Trade and Other Receivables                                                | 3,940                       | (5,168)                     |
| Inventories                                                               | 1,884                       | (3,698)                     |
| Trade and Other Payables                                                  | 12,359                      | 14,477                      |
| **Cash Generated from Operations**                                       | 46,329                      | 42,443                      |
| Taxes Paid (Net)                                                          | (3,891)                     | (2,579)                     |
| **Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities**                              | 42,438                      | 39,864                      |
| **B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES**                               |                             |                             |
| Expenditure on Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets       | (21,037)                    | (16,732)                    |
| Proceeds from disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets | 31                          | 42                          |
| Investment in Subsidiaries                                                | (9,301)                     | (23,031)                    |
| Proceeds from Redemption / Disposal of Investments in Subsidiaries       | 2,804                       | 4,305                       |
| Purchase of Other Investments                                            | (220,333)                   | (231,267)                   |
| Proceeds from Sale of Financial Assets                                   | 226,105                     | 255,815                     |
| Loans repaid - Subsidiaries, Associates, Joint Ventures and Others       | 6,506                       | 395                         |
| Interest Income                                                          | 7,247                       | 3,489                       |
| Dividend Income from Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures         | 140                         | 3                           |
| **Net Cash Flow used in Investing Activities**                           | (7,838)                     | (6,981)                     |
| **C. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES**                               |                             |                             |
| Proceeds from Issue of Equity Share Capital                              | #                           | -*                          |
| Net Proceeds from Rights Issue                                           | 13                          | 6                           |
| Payment of Lease Liabilities                                            | (51)                        | (326)                       |
| Proceeds from Borrowings - Non-Current (including current maturities)   | 3,132                       | 16,544                      |
| Repayment of Borrowings - Non-Current (including current maturities)    | (12,665)                    | (20,025)                    |
| Borrowings - Current (Net)                                              | (4,678)                     | (22,277)                    |
| Dividend Paid                                                          | (6,766)                     | (6,089)                     |
| Interest Paid                                                         | (5,705)                     | (9,196)                     |
| **Net Cash Flow used in Financing Activities**                         | (26,720)                    | (41,363)                    |
| **Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents**               | 7,880                       | (8,480)                     |
| Opening Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents                          | 69,248                      | 61,007                      |
| **Closing Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents**                      | 77,128                      | 52,527                      |

# Notes  
# ₹ 1,200,000  
* ₹ 150,000

---

# Page 26

# Notes

1. The figures for the corresponding previous periods have been regrouped / reclassified wherever necessary, to make them comparable.

2. Total Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company outstanding (before netting off prepaid finance charges and Fair Valuation Impact) as on September 30, 2024 are ₹ 31,889 crore out of which, Secured Non-Convertible Debentures are ₹ 22,000 crore.

The Secured Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company aggregating ₹ 22,000 crore as on September 30, 2024 are secured by way of first charge on the Company’s certain movable properties. The security cover in respect of the Secured Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company as on September 30, 2024 is more than 1.25 times of the principal and interest amount of the said Secured Non-Convertible Debentures.

During the period April 2024 to September 2024, the Company redeemed Listed Unsecured Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures amounting to ₹ 1,437 crore (PPD 3).

---

# Page 27

# Formulae for computation of ratios are as follows –

| Sr. | Ratios                      | Formulae                                                                                  |
|------|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| a)   | Debt Service Coverage Ratio | Earnings before Interest and Tax                                                        |
|      |                             | Interest Expense + Principal Repayments made during the period for long term loans       |
| b)   | Interest Service Coverage Ratio | Earnings before Interest and Tax                                                      |
|      |                             | Interest Expense                                                                         |
| c)   | Debt Equity Ratio           | Total Debt                                                                              |
|      |                             | Total Equity                                                                            |
| d)   | Current Ratio               | Current Assets                                                                          |
|      |                             | Current Liabilities                                                                     |
| e)   | Long term debt to working capital | Non-Current Borrowings (Including Current Maturities of Non-Current Borrowings)     |
|      |                             | Current Assets Less Current Liabilities (Excluding Current Maturities of Non-Current Borrowings) |
| f)   | Bad debts to account receivable ratio | Bad Debts                                                                        |
|      |                             | Average Trade Receivables                                                               |
| g)   | Current liability ratio     | Total Current Liabilities                                                              |
|      |                             | Total Liabilities                                                                       |
| h)   | Total debts to total assets | Total Debt                                                                             |
|      |                             | Total Assets                                                                           |
| i)   | Debtors turnover            | Value of Sales & Services                                                              |
|      |                             | Average Trade Receivables                                                              |
| j)   | Inventory turnover          | Cost of Goods Sold (Cost of Material Consumed + Purchases + Changes in Inventory + Manufacturing Expenses) |
|      |                             | Average Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Process and Stock-in-Trade              |
| k)   | Operating margin (%)        | Earnings before Interest and Tax less Other Income                                     |
|      |                             | Value of Sales & Services                                                              |
| l)   | Net profit margin (%)       | Profit After Tax                                                                       |
|      |                             | Value of Sales & Services                                                              |

---

# Page 28

*4. The Audit Committee has reviewed, and the Board of Directors has approved the above results and its release at their respective meetings held on October 14, 2024. The Statutory Auditors of the Company have carried out Limited Review of the aforesaid results.*

---

# Page 29

# UNAUDITED STANDALONE SEGMENT INFORMATION FOR THE QUARTER/HALF YEAR ENDED 30TH SEPTEMBER, 2024  
(₹ in crore)

| Sr. No. | Particulars                          | Quarter Ended |           |           | Half Year Ended |           |           | Year Ended (Audited) |
|---------|------------------------------------|--------------|-----------|-----------|-----------------|-----------|-----------|----------------------|
|         |                                    | 30 Sep'24    | 30 Jun'24 | 30 Sep'23 | 30 Sep'24       | 30 Sep'23 |           | 31 Mar'24            |
| 1       | Segment Value of Sales and Services (Revenue) |              |           |           |                 |           |           |                      |
|         | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)            | 129,134      | 129,781   | 129,812   | 258,915         | 249,620   |           | 507,913              |
|         | - Oil and Gas                      | 6,198        | 6,162     | 6,606     | 12,360          | 11,226    |           | 24,523               |
|         | - Retail                          | 14           | 16        | 19        | 30              | 38        |           | 74                   |
|         | - Digital Services                | 334          | 335       | 587       | 669             | 1,356     |           | 1,916                |
|         | - Others                         | 4,520        | 4,021     | 10,429    | 8,541           | 17,664    |           | 41,120               |
|         | Gross Value of Sales and Services | 140,200      | 140,315   | 147,453   | 280,515         | 279,904   |           | 575,546              |
|         | Less: Inter Segment Transfers     | 52           | 113       | 108       | 165             | 337       |           | 590                  |
|         | Value of Sales & Services          | 140,148      | 140,202   | 147,345   | 280,350         | 279,567   |           | 574,956              |
|         | Less: GST Recovered               | 6,094        | 5,871     | 6,895     | 11,965          | 13,218    |           | 27,014               |
|         | Revenue from Operations           | 134,054      | 134,331   | 140,450   | 268,385         | 266,349   |           | 547,942              |
| 2       | Segment Results (EBITDA)           |              |           |           |                 |           |           |                      |
|         | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)*          | 8,441        | 9,068     | 14,013    | 17,509          | 27,166    |           | 52,111               |
|         | - Oil and Gas                    | 5,276        | 5,205     | 4,774     | 10,481          | 8,819     |           | 20,334               |
|         | - Retail                        | 10           | 9         | 11        | 19              | 23        |           | 42                   |
|         | - Digital Services              | 189          | 183       | 370       | 372             | 897       |           | 1,179                |
|         | - Others                       | 1,791        | 1,773     | 1,247     | 3,564           | 2,411     |           | 6,198                |
|         | Total Segment Profit before Interest, Tax and Depreciation, Amortisation and Depletion | 15,707       | 16,238    | 20,415    | 31,945          | 39,316    |           | 79,864               |
| 3       | Segment Results (EBIT)             |              |           |           |                 |           |           |                      |
|         | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C)*          | 6,982        | 7,273     | 12,435    | 14,255          | 24,094    |           | 45,799               |
|         | - Oil and Gas                    | 3,943        | 3,870     | 3,464     | 7,813           | 6,697     |           | 15,019               |
|         | - Retail                        | 1            | 6         | 7         | 7               | 16        |           | 29                   |
|         | - Digital Services              | 39           | 35        | 96        | 74              | 264       |           | 306                  |
|         | - Others                       | 454          | 392       | 69        | 846             | 61        |           | 1,202                |
|         | Total Segment Profit before Interest and Tax | 11,419       | 11,576    | 16,071    | 22,995          | 31,132    |           | 62,355               |
|         | (i) Finance Cost                | (2,662)      | (2,963)   | (3,239)   | (5,625)         | (6,835)   |           | (13,430)             |
|         | (ii) Interest Income            | 2,468        | 2,450     | 2,237     | 4,918           | 4,398     |           | 9,141                |
|         | (iii) Other Un-allocable Income (Net of Expenditure) | (1,011)      | (917)     | (567)     | (1,928)         | (1,451)   |           | (2,793)              |
|         | Profit Before Tax              | 10,214       | 10,146    | 14,502    | 20,360          | 27,244    |           | 55,273               |
|         | (i) Current Tax                | (2,113)      | (2,457)   | (2,575)   | (4,570)         | (5,223)   |           | (10,922)             |
|         | (ii) Deferred Tax              | (388)        | (78)      | (719)     | (466)           | (1,186)   |           | (2,309)              |
|         | Profit After Tax               | 7,713        | 7,611     | 11,208    | 15,324          | 20,835    |           | 42,042               |

* Segment results (EBITDA and EBIT) include Interest Income pertaining to the respective segments.

---

# Page 30

# Segment Assets and Liabilities

| Sr. No. | Particulars           | Quarter Ended 30 Sep'24 | 30 Jun'24 | 30 Sep'23 | Half Year Ended 30 Sep'24 | 30 Sep'23 | Year Ended (Audited) 31 Mar'24 |
|---------|-----------------------|------------------------|-----------|-----------|---------------------------|-----------|-------------------------------|
| 4       | Segment Assets        |                        |           |           |                           |           |                               |
|         | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C) | 330,638                | 331,500   | 341,621   | 330,638                   | 341,621   | 331,147                       |
|         | - Oil and Gas         | 37,870                 | 39,253    | 41,320    | 37,870                    | 41,320    | 39,761                        |
|         | - Retail              | 20,509                 | 20,520    | 18,059    | 20,509                    | 18,059    | 20,529                        |
|         | - Digital Services    | 66,001                 | 66,160    | 67,565    | 66,001                    | 67,565    | 66,155                        |
|         | - Others              | 180,833                | 175,225   | 153,497   | 180,833                   | 153,497   | 170,626                       |
|         | - Unallocated         | 332,601                | 329,081   | 305,416   | 332,601                   | 305,416   | 331,425                       |
|         | **Total Segment Assets** | **968,452**            | **961,739** | **927,478** | **968,452**               | **927,478** | **959,643**                   |
| 5       | Segment Liabilities   |                        |           |           |                           |           |                               |
|         | - Oil to Chemicals (O2C) | 93,163                 | 94,112    | 73,741    | 93,163                    | 73,741    | 87,477                        |
|         | - Oil and Gas         | 8,798                  | 10,058    | 6,283     | 8,798                     | 6,283     | 11,136                        |
|         | - Retail              | 6                      | 6         | 11        | 6                         | 11        | 7                            |
|         | - Digital Services    | 27                     | 103       | 1,831     | 27                        | 1,831     | 261                          |
|         | - Others              | 15,491                 | 18,776    | 19,856    | 15,491                    | 19,856    | 23,542                        |
|         | - Unallocated         | 850,967                | 838,684   | 825,756   | 850,967                   | 825,756   | 837,220                       |
|         | **Total Segment Liabilities** | **968,452**            | **961,739** | **927,478** | **968,452**               | **927,478** | **959,643**                   |

---

# Page 31

# Notes to Segment Information (Standalone) for the Quarter and Half Year Ended 30th September, 2024

As per Indian Accounting Standard 108 ‘Operating Segments’, the Company has reported ‘Segment Information’, as described below:

a) The **Oil to Chemicals** segment includes Refining, petrochemicals, aviation fuel and bulk wholesale marketing. It includes breadth of portfolio spanning transportation fuels, polymers, polyesters and elastomers. The deep and unique integration of O2C business includes world-class assets comprising Refinery Off-Gas Cracker, Aromatics, multi-feed and gas crackers along with downstream manufacturing facilities, logistics and supply-chain infrastructure.

b) The **Oil and Gas** segment includes exploration, development, production of crude oil and natural gas.

c) The **Retail** segment includes consumer retail & its range of related services and investment in retail business.

d) The **Digital Services** segment includes provision of a range of digital services and investment in digital business.

e) All other business segments which are not separately reportable have been grouped under the **Others** segment.

f) Other investments / assets / liabilities, long-term resources raised by the Company, business trade financing liabilities managed by the centralised treasury function and related income / expense are considered under **Unallocated**.

For Reliance Industries Limited

Mukesh D Ambani  
Chairman & Managing Director

October 14, 2024